BEGIN NOW Marathon running, like golf, is a game for players, not winners. That is why Callaway sells golf clubs and Nike sells running shoes. But running is unique in that the world's best racers are on the same course, at the same time, as amateurs, who have as much chance of winning as your average weekend warrior would scoring a touchdown in the NFL. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is deceptively simple and endlessly complicated; it satisfies the soul and frustrates the intellect. It is at the same time rewarding and maddening - and it is without a doubt the greatest game mankind has ever invented. END
BEGIN NOW It's good sportsmanship to not pick up lost golf balls while they are still rolling. END
BEGIN NOW Hockey is a sport for white men. Basketball is a sport for black men. Golf is a sport for white men dressed like black pimps. END
BEGIN NOW You can spend the money on new housing for poor people and the homeless, or you can spend it on a football stadium or a golf course. END
BEGIN NOW I don't know of any other organization that's raised more money than golf has, because if you are a baseball player, you're a football player, you're a hockey player, if you're just a businessman, and you want to raise some money for a charity, what do they do? They have a golf tournament. They have a golf outing, and they go out and they do it. END
BEGIN NOW I grew up playing hockey and baseball, so I wish I had time to get back into it, but living in L.A. and North Carolina, you have to take advantage of the golf. You find yourself at charity golf events or going to the Emmys and meeting Kevin Costner. You don't get to do as much fishing or hockey as you used to, but there are certainly other payoffs. END
BEGIN NOW It took me seventeen years to get three thousand hits in baseball. I did it in one afternoon on the golf course. END
BEGIN NOW Success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character. END
BEGIN NOW What most people don't understand is that UFOs are on a cosmic tourist route. That's why they're always seen in Arizona, Scotland, and New Mexico. Another thing to consider is that all three of those destinations are good places to play golf. So there's possibly some connection between aliens and golf. END
BEGIN NOW Give me golf clubs, fresh air and a beautiful partner, and you can keep the clubs and the fresh air. END
BEGIN NOW The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman, and win. END
BEGIN NOW I enjoy now doing what I do... playing golf, relaxing a little, enjoying life. END
BEGIN NOW I know I am getting better at golf because I am hitting fewer spectators. END
BEGIN NOW I can't wait to be that age and hanging out with a bunch of people hanging out all day playing golf and going to the beach, all my own age. We'd be laughing and having a good time and getting loopy on our prescription drugs. Driving golf carts around. I can't wait. END
BEGIN NOW Achievements on the golf course are not what matters, decency and honesty are what matter. END
BEGIN NOW If you watch a game, it's fun. If you play it, it's recreation. If you work at it, it's golf. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is a good walk spoiled. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is game of respect and sportsmanship; we have to respect its traditions and its rules. END
BEGIN NOW If you got the game, you got the game. That's why Tiger Woods is out there playing golf with Greg Norman. END
BEGIN NOW A big part of managing a golf course is managing your swing on the course. A lot of guys can go out and hit a golf ball, but they have no idea how to manage what they do with the ball. I've won as many golf tournaments hitting the ball badly as I have hitting the ball well. END
BEGIN NOW They say Yogi Berra is funny. Well, he has a lovely wife and family, a beautiful home, money in the bank, and he plays golf with millionaires. What's funny about that? END
BEGIN NOW I have a tip that can take 5 strokes off anyone's golf game. It's called an eraser. END
BEGIN NOW The income tax has made liars out of more Americans than golf. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is a game in which one endeavors to control a ball with implements ill adapted for the purpose. END
BEGIN NOW The only time my prayers are never answered is on the golf course. END
BEGIN NOW If you are caught on a golf course during a storm and are afraid of lightning, hold up a 1-iron. Not even God can hit a 1-iron. END
BEGIN NOW While playing golf today I hit two good balls. I stepped on a rake. END
BEGIN NOW To be a top-class athlete, you have to train hard, you have to eat right, you have to get enough rest. I feel the way golf is going nowadays, you have to treat yourself as an athlete. END
BEGIN NOW Golf... is the infallible test. The man who can go into a patch of rough alone, with the knowledge that only God is watching him, and play his ball where it lies, is the man who will serve you faithfully and well. END
BEGIN NOW I am what I am. I love golf, I love my life, I love my family and friends. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is deceptively simple and endlessly complicated. END
BEGIN NOW Playing polo is like trying to play golf during an earthquake. END
BEGIN NOW Instead of saving for someone else's college education, I'm currently saving for a luxury retirement community replete with golf carts and handsome young male nurses who love butterscotch. END
BEGIN NOW I don't want to be just known for the way I dress. I want to be known for how I play, how I treat people, and how I am as a role model. I don't just want to be, 'He dresses cool' or 'He dresses crazy.' You're going to have lovers and haters. I want my golf game to be the main thing. END
BEGIN NOW Although golf was originally restricted to wealthy, overweight Protestants, today it's open to anybody who owns hideous clothing. END
BEGIN NOW I learned one thing from jumping motorcycles that was of great value on the golf course, the putting green especially: Whatever you do, don't come up short. END
BEGIN NOW When I get a chance to play golf or go on a boat with good people, take the boat out and put some lobsters on the grill, get the ice-cold beer and the cigars - that's heaven here on earth. END
BEGIN NOW A kid grows up a lot faster on the golf course. Golf teaches you how to behave. END
BEGIN NOW Golf courses sell real estate and that's why they're built. END
BEGIN NOW I learned a valuable lesson doing 'Mr. Sunshine,' which is that I didn't want to be in charge because it's too much. Being in charge and acting in every scene was just too difficult. It's like eating dinner in a moving golf cart every night. END
BEGIN NOW As long as I keep enjoying my golf, then hopefully I'll be able to play well. END
BEGIN NOW Art is not predictable. Art is not golf, as great as that may be. There are 360 degrees of choice to make. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is good, it means I get some fresh air and exercise, take my mind off work and see some of the landscape of the place I'm visiting. END
BEGIN NOW I play golf because it's fun. END
BEGIN NOW To find a man's true character, play golf with him. END
BEGIN NOW I'm not feeling very well - I need a doctor immediately. Ring the nearest golf course. END
BEGIN NOW It's great to be somewhat of a role model. I want to be a positive and good role model and lead by example and try to do the best I can. Playing good golf definitely draws attention, but I want to have a good attitude on the course and do the right things. END
BEGIN NOW There isn't a flaw in his golf or his makeup. He will win more majors than Arnold Palmer and me combined. Somebody is going to dust my records. It might as well be Tiger, because he's such a great kid. END
BEGIN NOW For a competitive junkie like me, golf is a great solution because it smacks you in the face every time you think you have accomplished something. That to me has taken over a lot of the energy and competitiveness for basketball. END
BEGIN NOW I have to admit, I sometimes wonder how much more successful I would have been as a coach had it not been for my spending summers on the golf course. I could have watched more film, that's for sure. One advantage Joe Paterno had over me was that he didn't play golf. END
BEGIN NOW When you look at golf films before us they're all - garbage or satire. A lot of sports films tend to vilify the opposition. Where the opposition becomes this big angry monster, so big you can't beat him. END
BEGIN NOW Even in high school, I'd tell my mom I was sick of swimming and wanted to try to play golf. She wasn't too happy. She'd say, 'Think about this.' And I'd always end up getting back in the pool. END
BEGIN NOW Do your best, one shot at a time and then move on. Remember that golf is just a game. END
BEGIN NOW I guess there is nothing that will get your mind off everything like golf. I have never been depressed enough to take up the game, but they say you get so sore at yourself you forget to hate your enemies. END
BEGIN NOW Reverse every natural instinct and do the opposite of what you are inclined to do, and you will probably come very close to having a perfect golf swing. END
BEGIN NOW The next time I cry about golf it will only be with joy. It's not worth crying over golf for any other reason. After all, it's only a game. END
BEGIN NOW No other game combines the wonder of nature with the discipline of sport in such carefully planned ways. A great golf course both frees and challenges a golfer's mind. END
BEGIN NOW I won't have any competitive instincts in any sports, other than golf. I can't see being competitive in sports any more. END
BEGIN NOW If you think it's hard to meet new people, try picking up the wrong golf ball. END
BEGIN NOW Competitive golf is played mainly on a five-and-a-half-inch course... the space between your ears. END
BEGIN NOW Don't play too much golf. Two rounds a day are plenty. END
BEGIN NOW I found out retirement means playing golf, or I don't know what the hell it means. But to me, retirement means doing what you have fun doing. END
BEGIN NOW Find a good teacher that will keep the game fun. Work hard and don't be afraid to have success or disappointment. That is what golf is all about. END
BEGIN NOW Mickey Mantle was a very good golfer, but we weren't allowed to play golf during the season; only at spring training. END
BEGIN NOW As a kid, I might have been psycho, I guess, but I used to throw golf balls in the trees and try and somehow make par from them. I thought that was fun. END
BEGIN NOW Golf without bunkers and hazards would be tame and monotonous. So would life. END
BEGIN NOW I give a speech to the black freshmen at Harvard each year, and I say, 'You can like Mozart and ice hockey...' - and then I used to say 'golf,' but Tiger took over golf! - 'and Picasso and still be as black as the ace of spades.' END
BEGIN NOW Show me a man who is a good loser and I'll show you a man who is playing golf with his boss. END
BEGIN NOW You know I need that cockiness, the self-belief, arrogance, swagger, whatever you want to call it, I need that on the golf course to bring the best out of myself. So you know once I leave the golf course, you know that all gets left there. END
BEGIN NOW The Olympics will be great for the growth of golf on a global scale, but my focus right now is on being the best player I can be, trying to win Major Championships and contributing to what will hopefully be a victorious European side at the forthcoming Ryder Cup Matches against the USA. END
BEGIN NOW The place of the father in the modern suburban family is a very small one, particularly if he plays golf. END
BEGIN NOW I regard golf as an expensive way of playing marbles. END
BEGIN NOW The uglier a man's legs are, the better he plays golf - it's almost a law. END
BEGIN NOW If he's got golf clubs in his truck or a camper in his driveway, I don't hire him. END
BEGIN NOW Don't force your kids into sports. I never was. To this day, my dad has never asked me to go play golf. I ask him. It's the child's desire to play that matters, not the parent's desire to have the child play. Fun. Keep it fun. END
BEGIN NOW The pat on the back, the arm around the shoulder, the praise for what was done right and the sympathetic nod for what wasn't are as much a part of golf as life itself. END
BEGIN NOW Golf has made me and shaped me into the person I am here today. END
BEGIN NOW With tennis, you can go pick up a racket, take a lesson, and understand how much talent and skill it takes to be as good as the top pros. Same with golf: pick up a club. But not many can go out and get in a race car and experience a drive at over 200 miles an hour. END
BEGIN NOW My dad's method in his madness was to try every sport and then observe what I liked. I played football, tennis, golf, cricket but I loved my snooker. END
BEGIN NOW Golf isn't just my business, it's my hobby. END
BEGIN NOW All I ever wanted to do was play competitive golf against the best players in the world. END
BEGIN NOW A Nicklaus Design golf course is done by the guys in my company that I work with, that have been trained in my vision, and they do what they think I might do. They might come in the office and ask me questions and I'd certainly answer their questions, but I'm not involved in the site visits or anything else. END
BEGIN NOW I quickly discovered that trying to go play golf while living in Manhattan was about as easy as trying to grab a taxi while standing out in front of Saks Fifth Avenue in the freezing rain on the last shopping day before Christmas. END
BEGIN NOW If there's a golf course in heaven, I hope it's like Augusta National. I just don't want an early tee time. END
BEGIN NOW Nothing impresses the ladies like a clean, pressed pair of khakis and a large pattern shirt featuring either classic cars, mojitos or men playing golf. END
BEGIN NOW Golf isn't just about hitting a lot of drivers. I grew up playing on my front lawn, chipping and putting into soup cans, out of the ivy and over rose bushes and hedges - the little Alcott Golf and Country Club. I just loved having a wedge in my hands. END
BEGIN NOW Think Indonesia and tourism, and the first thing that comes to mind is probably Bali. Think golf holiday, and most people would dream of Scotland or Ireland. But Indonesia harbors one of the best-kept secrets in the world of travel: it is a golfer's paradise. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is so popular simply because it is the best game in the world at which to be bad. END
BEGIN NOW The hardest thing in golf is trying to two-putt when you have to, because your brain isn't wired that way. You're accustomed to trying to make putts, and when you change that mind-set, your brain short-circuits, especially under pressure. END
BEGIN NOW Exercise? I get it on the golf course. When I see my friends collapse, I run for the paramedics. END
BEGIN NOW Few would deny that blacks have become very dominant in athletics: football, basketball, track, now dominant in tennis and dominant in golf. END
BEGIN NOW I get to play golf for a living. What more can you ask for - getting paid for doing what you love. END
BEGIN NOW I met my wife through playing golf. She is French and couldn't speak English and I couldn't speak French, so there was little chance of us getting involved in any boring conversations - that's why we got married really quickly. END
BEGIN NOW On stage, I'm this figure, this actor, who does things that people aren't used to seeing and I relish in that reaction. In real life, though, I play golf, I shop and I walk around with no makeup on and my hair in a ponytail. I may not be the typical middle-aged Joe, but I'm closer to normal than you think. END
BEGIN NOW If a lot of people gripped a knife and fork the way they do a golf club, they'd starve to death. END
BEGIN NOW I did 'Formula 51' because I got to run around Liverpool in a kilt, with golf clubs. END
BEGIN NOW I like to play golf. I like to shoot hoops. END
BEGIN NOW I'm swimming every day and I'm even trying to get the golf swing working again - but that might take a little bit longer. END
BEGIN NOW Forty percent of the United States drains into the Mississippi. It's agriculture. It's golf courses. It's domestic runoff from our lawns and roads. Ultimately, where does it go? Downstream into the gulf. END
BEGIN NOW I think that Pebble Beach is my favorite golf course to go to. I think Augusta is my favorite place to go play golf. END
BEGIN NOW It's hard not to play golf that's up to Jack Nicklaus standards when you are Jack Nicklaus. END
BEGIN NOW When I married Wilnelia, one of the first things I wanted to know about Puerto Rico was the quality of the golf courses. END
BEGIN NOW But in the end it's still a game of golf, and if at the end of the day you can't shake hands with your opponents and still be friends, then you've missed the point. END
BEGIN NOW The golf ball has no sense at all, which is why it has to be given stern lectures constantly, especially during the act of putting. END
BEGIN NOW I admire a lot of people, but in terms of sport I've always loved the mentality of Tiger Woods on a golf course. I always love his eyes when he's setting himself and focusing on his decision; he has a really strong, focused face and believes that he can make the shot. END
BEGIN NOW Golf challenges you mentally at any age, and when you become my age, it's a challenge physically to try to make your game work as well as it ever did. That's close to impossible, but that doesn't keep you from trying to hit the ball where you used to hit it and make the putts you used to make all the time. END
BEGIN NOW There's no question that O.J. Simpson had been a substitute white man in America. He had gained honorary white status. He was not viewed by many white Americans as black. He was not seen as the African American athlete who was rebellious: Jim Brown, Muhammad Ali, Hank Aaron... He was accepted in golf clubs that were very tony. END
BEGIN NOW To play well you must feel tranquil and at peace. I have never been troubled by nerves in golf because I felt I had nothing to lose and everything to gain. END
BEGIN NOW Archery is not a sport for everyone. The equipment costs a lot, and it is not easy for everyone to find a place to play. It is perhaps similar to golf, but of course there are more golf courses than archery fields. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is a matter of confidence. If you think you cannot do it, there is no chance you will. END
BEGIN NOW Journalism is a craft that takes years to learn. It's like golf. You never get it right all the time. It's a game of fewer errors, better facts, and better reporting. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is a thinking man's game. You can have all the shots in the bag, but if you don't know what to do with them, you've got troubles. END
BEGIN NOW The game of golf would lose a great deal if croquet mallets and billiard cues were allowed on the putting green. END
BEGIN NOW I found golf was too time consuming, but I did enjoy it. END
BEGIN NOW I didn't know much about golf growing up. END
BEGIN NOW It is impossible to imagine Goethe or Beethoven being good at billiards or golf. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is a game in which you yell 'fore,' shoot six, and write down five. END
BEGIN NOW Anyone who watches golf on television would enjoy watching the grass grow on the greens. END
BEGIN NOW There would be nothing to get me to run for president. I don't even understand how anyone would want that job at all. Although I would be able to play golf which I don't seem to have time now. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is a day spent in a round of strenuous idleness. END
BEGIN NOW My first assistant-coaching job in football was at William & Mary in 1961. The pay wasn't much, so to get $300 more per year, I agreed to coach the golf team. I didn't even know how to keep score, and really, my main job was not to wreck the van on the way to tournaments. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is more fun than walking naked in a strange place, but not much. END
BEGIN NOW It is almost impossible to remember how tragic a place the world is when one is playing golf. END
BEGIN NOW This 90/10 rule holds true in almost anything financial. Take the game of golf, for example. Ten percent of the professional golfers make 90 percent of the money. END
BEGIN NOW In golf, the player, coach and official are rolled into one, and they overlap completely. Golf really is the best microcosm of life - or at least the way life should be. END
BEGIN NOW I still don't get golf. END
BEGIN NOW I still play hockey every now and then, and I still golf. But my biggest exercise is walking my big dog in the park every day. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is played by twenty million mature American men whose wives think they are out having fun. END
BEGIN NOW Golf appeals to the idiot in us and the child. Just how childlike golf players become is proven by their frequent inability to count past five. END
BEGIN NOW I play golf with friends sometimes, but there are never friendly games. END
BEGIN NOW The Supreme Court ruled that disabled golfer Casey Martin has a legal right to ride in a golf cart between shots at PGA Tour events. Man, the next thing you know, they're going to have some guy carry his clubs around for him. END
BEGIN NOW I'm addicted. I'm addicted to golf. END
BEGIN NOW I love to play golf, and that's my arena. And you can characterize it and describe it however you want, but I have a love and a passion for getting that ball in the hole and beating those guys. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is a search for perfection, for balance. It's about meditation and concentration. You have to use hand and brain. END
BEGIN NOW There is no similarity between golf and putting; they are two different games, one played in the air, and the other on the ground. END
BEGIN NOW The difference in golf and government is that in golf you can't improve your lie. END
BEGIN NOW He who has the fastest golf cart never has a bad lie. END
BEGIN NOW I understand why marriages break up over golf. I can't even talk about my own handicap because it's too upsetting. END
BEGIN NOW I don't have a lot of hobbies. I don't play golf. I don't have any children. Things that occupy people's time. I just try to take jobs. END
BEGIN NOW I did envisage being this successful as a player, but not all the hysteria around it off the golf course. END
BEGIN NOW I've had the luxury of playing golf around the world, and I've spent a lot of time evaluating how to play all kinds of courses. END
BEGIN NOW I think golf is literally an addiction. I'm surprised there's not Golf Anonymous. END
BEGIN NOW Sudden success in golf is like the sudden acquisition of wealth. It is apt to unsettle and deteriorate the character. END
BEGIN NOW Golf and dating don't mix. END
BEGIN NOW Relax? How can anybody relax and play golf? You have to grip the club, don't you? END
BEGIN NOW The kids say golf taught them this and that. I get it with the military: A guy joins the military because he needs discipline and has to find himself. But don't tell me, 'Golf helps you find yourself.' I've been playing my whole life, and I'm still looking for myself. END
BEGIN NOW I tried real hard to play golf, and I was so bad at it they would have to check me for ticks at the end of the round because I'd spent about half the day in the woods. END
BEGIN NOW A lot of people like to think that golf is a lazy man's sport. Or it's a rich man's sport, or it's a sport that they can't be involved in. END
BEGIN NOW The only reason I ever played golf in the first place was so I could afford to hunt and fish. END
BEGIN NOW Have you ever noticed what golf spells backwards? END
BEGIN NOW You may be sick of what you did the first half of your life, but you don't have to just walk around and play golf or doing nothing. It's not like fifty is the new thirty. It's like fifty is the new chapter. END
BEGIN NOW I get way more nervous playing golf in front of 500 people than being on stage in front of 20,000 people. END
BEGIN NOW I have a tip that will take five strokes off anyone's golf game. It's called an eraser. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is played between the ears and if you are not 100 percent focused on what you are trying to do, then people will go past you no matter who you are. END
BEGIN NOW It is nothing new or original to say that golf is played one stroke at a time. But it took me many years to realize it. END
BEGIN NOW I am a guy who likes to do what I am doing with passion, whether it's a soccer match with friends or golf. END
BEGIN NOW If I want to work, I can. If I want to play golf, or ride my motorcycle, I can. But the rest of it is family. Sometimes you're not really needed by your family, but you're there. And my kids like to know I'm there. END
BEGIN NOW Sport is a wonderful metaphor for life. Of all the sports that I played - skiing, baseball, fishing - there is no greater example than golf, because you're playing against yourself and nature. END
BEGIN NOW You'd think a guy who has broken 35 bones in his body would have a high pain threshold, but mine is pretty low. I got hit in the shin with a golf ball once, and it almost brought tears to my eyes. I've had broken bones that didn't hurt as bad. END
BEGIN NOW I'm not much interested in sport just as sport. I wouldn't be interested in making a golf film or baseball or fishing film. END
BEGIN NOW Placing the ball in the right position for the next shot is eighty percent of winning golf. END
BEGIN NOW A round of golf is the ideal antidote to stress. END
BEGIN NOW Now personally, I think the president should golf every day and never have a press conference. I want the leader of the free world to be as stress-free as possible. And if golf helps fade the psychic heat from the job, by all means tee it up often, Mr. President. END
BEGIN NOW Boxing's a poor man's sport. We can't afford to play golf or tennis. It is what it is. It's kept so many kids off the street. It kept me off the street. END
BEGIN NOW But I can only take so much TV, because there is so much advice. I find people will preach about virtually anything - your diet, how to live your life, how to improve your golf. The lot. I have always had a thing against the Mister Know-It-Alls. END
BEGIN NOW Golf was my first glimpse of comedy. I was a caddy when I was a kid. I was on the golf course rather than being in lessons, but I can play better now than I could then. END
BEGIN NOW I'm thinking of taking up golf, but the idea of spending time with golfers frightens me. END
BEGIN NOW A golf course is the epitome of all that is purely transitory in the universe; a space not to dwell in, but to get over as quickly as possible. END
BEGIN NOW Did you know there's probably more golf played in Iceland than most places in the world? They play 24 hours a day in the summertime and the northern part is warmer than the southern part. END
BEGIN NOW He has the finest, fundamentally sound golf swing I've ever seen. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is meaningless, but it means so much. END
BEGIN NOW To be consistently effective, you must put a certain distance between yourself and what happens to you on the golf course. This is not indifference, it's detachment. END
BEGIN NOW I never worried about money, except that I knew that all I had to worry about was golf. As long as I could play, I was going to make money. END
BEGIN NOW Pete Dye introduced me to golf course design back in the 1960's. He came to my hometown Columbus, Ohio to work on The Golf Club. END
BEGIN NOW I tried golf for a while, but I wasn't very good at it, so I didn't play a lot of golf. I enjoy all sports, not just football. I like basketball, baseball, and I got into the World Cup. So really, sports in general are my life, and football specifically. END
BEGIN NOW Golf has become so manicured, so perfect. The greens, the fairways. I don't like golf carts. I like walking. Some clubs won't let you in unless you have a caddy and a cart. END
BEGIN NOW I spent a weekend in the White House with President Clinton, back in '99, I guess. We played golf and just hung out and talked on many subjects. I saw him several times subsequently in L.A. He's the smartest man I ever met, a great politician. Everybody was star struck around him. END
BEGIN NOW Surfing is like golf: You're always battling, and it keeps knocking you down. There are a lot of wipeouts. But when you stay with it and catch that wave, you really taste it. It's magic. END
BEGIN NOW My grandson Sam Saunders has been playing golf since he could hold a club and I spent a lot of time with him over the years. Like my father taught me, I showed him the fundamentals of the game and helped him make adjustments as he and his game matured over the years. END
BEGIN NOW I try to deign golf courses that are individual in character and individual in their own standing. END
BEGIN NOW You know, the Oscar I was awarded for The Untouchables is a wonderful thing, but I can honestly say that I'd rather have won the U.S. Open Golf Tournament. END
BEGIN NOW Tennis and golf are best played, not watched. END
BEGIN NOW Golf has an ambivalent relationship with the environment. On one hand, it's a great preserver of open spaces. Golf doesn't pave the world - it helps to green the world. But the downside is, it uses a lot of fertilizer, pesticides and water. END
BEGIN NOW Feel is the most perplexing part of golf, and probably the most important. END
BEGIN NOW For sure, with golf it's not a physically demanding sport like tennis. That's what makes tennis great - you combine both things. It's a very mental sport and at the same time can be dramatically physical. But I do admire the mentality of sport more than the physicality because physical performance is much easier to practice than mental performance. END
BEGIN NOW I am very lucky because when I come back home, I have a completely normal life. I can relax, playing golf, fishing - doing what I want. I know when I finish a tournament, I am going to relax at home. END
BEGIN NOW Fame is addictive. Money is addictive. Attention is addictive. But golf is second to none. END
BEGIN NOW Sometimes in New York, you're walking down the street and you realize there's a girl walking in front of you whose thighs you could hit a golf ball through, and maybe that makes you depressed. END
BEGIN NOW I played competitive golf all my life. Then all of a sudden, when I quit playing the game, I've got all this spare time and this energy. And certainly I wasn't ready to pack up my bags and go sit in front of the television with a shawl on. END
BEGIN NOW I'm actually a very quiet person off the golf course. I talk 150 miles per hour when I'm at the course, but when in private I very seldom ever open my mouth. END
BEGIN NOW I don't like golf. It's not for me, it's too quiet. END
BEGIN NOW I like to play golf. I like to cut my own grass. END
BEGIN NOW I know this golf tournament has my name on it but it's not about me. It's about the Louisiana Tech family. There is nothing greater than being a part of the Bulldog family. END
BEGIN NOW Well, they're Southern people, and if they know you are working at home they think nothing of walking right in for coffee. But they wouldn't dream of interrupting you at golf. END
BEGIN NOW I tried all kinds of sports when I was a kid, like soccer and tennis and golf, and, in fact, started skating to be able to play hockey. END
BEGIN NOW I quit flying myself last year and that was difficult for me because I enjoy it as much as playing golf. It was an adjustment sitting in the back of the plane, rather than at the controls, but I've grown accustomed to it and enjoy reading a book, doing some work or challenging my wife to a game of dominos. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is a puzzle without an answer. I've played the game for 40 years and I still haven't the slightest idea how to play. END
BEGIN NOW My golf is woeful but I will never surrender. END
BEGIN NOW Of course, money matters to everyone even if some don't want to admit it. If I won the Race to Dubai, I look at that prize money and think it could pay off my new house or the range I'm building. I am privileged to play golf for a living - look around St Andrews, that's my office. END
BEGIN NOW When you look at facing retirement in your mid-30s, and all of a sudden the outlet for that passion and work ethic goes away, you can't just sit back in a rocking chair and be retired at 35. I'm not a good enough golfer to play golf every day. END
BEGIN NOW Confidence in golf means being able to concentrate on the problem at hand with no outside interference. END
BEGIN NOW Women in pro-ams are always telling me about all the business deals they've struck on the golf course playing with their male work colleagues. END
BEGIN NOW It's not like I'm hanging out at shopping malls or going to celebrity golf tournaments. I'm so in my own little world. I got my dog, my music, my brother, a couple of friends. END
BEGIN NOW That's the difference between golf and many other sports. You go to some other sporting events, they just leave you or give you the cold shoulder and move on. END
BEGIN NOW Whenever I walk off the golf course, I thank God that I'm able to tell a joke. I thank God I'm good at something. END
BEGIN NOW The secret of golf is to turn three shots into two. END
BEGIN NOW People always say golfers don't smile. But there is so much psychology in golf so we have to be a bit robotic. END
BEGIN NOW The reason they call it 'golf' is that all the other 4 letter words were used up. END
BEGIN NOW Go out and have fun. Golf is a game for everyone, not just for the talented few. END
BEGIN NOW I'm still no good at ball-and-stick games. If I go play golf with the guys, it's intended to be a joke. END
BEGIN NOW I can remember running around at the age of 3, wanting to play golf, cricket and football. I was always active, one way or another, driving my parents mad. END
BEGIN NOW I wasn't enjoying golf much. I was kind of getting a little bit tired, I was getting a little bit moody, and I was constantly getting angry. That's not me. And when I saw that I knew I had to change. END
BEGIN NOW My golf score is really bad. I don't know. I'm definitely not a good golfer. Off the tee box, I can drive it about 275, and I'm in the fairway about 99% of the time. It's my next shot that needs work. END
BEGIN NOW I like golf, hiking, camping, boating and fishing. END
BEGIN NOW Those years on the golf course as a caddie, boy, those people were something. They were vulgar, some were alcoholics, racist, they were very difficult people to deal with. A lot of them didn't have a sense of humor. END
BEGIN NOW In football, there were drinks available everywhere you looked. On a golf tournament, you could find one free anywhere you wanted it. In tennis and NBA basketball, everybody had a hospitality suite, and so you could go there and load up if you wanted to. END
BEGIN NOW I just wanna be me and play golf. I'm just Bubba. END
BEGIN NOW The only thing I won't watch is darts. And I don't watch cricket. How can you like a game that requires you to take four days off work to follow a Test? And I don't really like golf. I know a lot of English footballers play, but I know that if I go with the club to play, sooner or later I will end up trying to smash the ball with my foot. END
BEGIN NOW I had a very detailed retirement plan, and I feel like I've met every aspect of it: a lot of golf, a lot of carbs, a lot of fried food, and some booze, occasionally - I've been completely committed... The results have shown. END
BEGIN NOW It is never easy to win but it is a lot easier to win when you play well. The key is winning golf tournaments when you are not playing so well. Managing your game is something that I feel that I am still learning to do. END
BEGIN NOW My mom and dad worked very hard to give me the best chance in - not just in golf but in life. You know, I was an only child, you know, my dad worked three jobs at one stage. My mom worked night shifts in a factory. END
BEGIN NOW It was right after 9/11 and I decided to walk around the grounds of the Pentagon, because I had never been there. Out of nowhere comes this speeding camouflaged golf cart and this guy starts yelling at me, 'What do you think you're doing!' The guy wrote my name down and began to follow me before I got really scared and took off as fast as I could. END
BEGIN NOW I plan my golf outfits for the tournaments, I recycle some for the practice rounds, but I always have new ideas for my golf attire, and I like to dress nice after the rounds, so I have to bring all my heels. It's terrible. The worst part about being on tour is living out of a suitcase. END
BEGIN NOW There is etiquette in golf, but it's not any harder to learn than what to do at a dinner party. Actually, it's probably easier. And these days, there are a lot more women out there than there used to be. It's not like when I was young. I was always the only girl on the range. END
BEGIN NOW We know that golf is an ancient game with great history and tradition, but our golf is only 10 years old so don't judge us too harshly. END
BEGIN NOW The first time I played golf was in Flushing Meadows, Queens, when I was about 16 or 17. They had an 18-hole pitch-and-putt. My buddies and I would hop the fence and sneak on and play. END
BEGIN NOW When I was fifteen years old, my dad won a video camera in a corporate golf tournament. I snatched it from his closet and began filming skateboard videos with my friends. END
BEGIN NOW One of the big changes in the Congress since I first came to Washington is that all of these folks go home every weekend. They used to play golf together; their families got to know each other, go to dinner at each other's homes at weekends - and these would be people who were political adversaries. END
BEGIN NOW I don't want to coach too far into my 60s. By then, I'll be playing golf four or five times a week. END
BEGIN NOW We put suffocation warnings on all the - on every piece of plastic film manufactured in the United States or for sale with an item in the United States. We put warnings on coffee cups to tell us that the contents may be hot. And we seem to think that any item sharper than a golf ball is too sharp for children under the age of 10. END
BEGIN NOW I think dates considered super corny and cheesy - whether it's going bowling or miniature golf or something where you can be competitive and just have fun with each other - those always make the most memorable dates! END
BEGIN NOW A golf course is nothing but a pool room moved outdoors. END
BEGIN NOW I like going there for golf. America's one vast golf course these days. END
BEGIN NOW Sparks is a sporting charity that puts on golf tournaments for sick children, and my animal charities include Oldham Cats and Feline Care, a big cat charity close to me in Norfolk. I'm also a Freemason and the money they raise for charity is phenomenal. END
BEGIN NOW I am a proud product of Irish golf and the Golfing Union of Ireland and am hugely honoured to have come from very rich Irish sporting roots... I am also a proud Ulsterman who grew up in Northern Ireland. That is my background and always will be. END
BEGIN NOW I receive huge support from Irish and British sports fans alike and it is greatly appreciated. Likewise I feel I have a great affinity with the American sports fans. I play most of my golf in the U.S. nowadays and I am incredibly proud to have won the U.S. Open and U.S. PGA Championship in the last two years. END
BEGIN NOW I've always said the players don't build up rivalries themselves, people from the outside build up the rivalries. I just want to play good golf. I want to try and keep winning golf tournaments. END
BEGIN NOW I don't play golf or tennis, I don't ski, I don't snowboard. If you love what you do, you never get enough of it. END
BEGIN NOW I was out on the golf course, a guy came riding out in a golf cart and said, Did you know that Elvis died? And I just said, Well, there you go. It was like I had kinda been expecting it. END
BEGIN NOW Tiger is the greatest thing that's happened to the tour in a long time. He has brought incredible attention to golf at a time of year when football and the World Series always take precedence. Everything I've heard about him seems to be true. END
BEGIN NOW I'm not very good in the rain. I don't wear a golf glove. END
BEGIN NOW I've got a great life. It's a shame the work gets in the way of the golf, really. END
BEGIN NOW The mental aspect of golf is what makes golf such a great sport. END
BEGIN NOW A lot of my buddies also played golf, but when it came to going to the beach or on the boat and chasing girls, they usually went that way and I went to the golf course to practice. Sometimes they'd come from the beach at dark to pick me up at the course. END
BEGIN NOW You know, when I was a young boy I used to play baseball in my back yard or in the street with my brothers or the neighborhood kids. We used broken bats and plastic golf balls and played for hours and hours. END
BEGIN NOW I was a baseball player and a football player at Stanford, so I didn't play a lot of golf in college. I really started playing a lot after I turned pro and I had some time in the off-season. END
BEGIN NOW The patience that goes with the game, the little things that go along with the game, you have so much more time to think in golf than you do in football - you have to keep your thoughts positive. I'm not sure I've got that mastered. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is a spiritual game. It's like Zen. You have to let your mind take over. END
BEGIN NOW As we all know... golf is a puzzle without an answer. END
BEGIN NOW When I am working it is up early and coffee and 15 hours of being on the set. When I am not working, it is up late and coffee, golf or softball and hopefully a ball game on the television. END
BEGIN NOW I enjoy Augusta. I enjoy its challenges. There's no other golf course like this anywhere. Its greens and its challenges on and around the greens are just super, super tough. So the greens are fun to play in sort of a morbid way. END
BEGIN NOW I have zero hand-eye coordination - zero - so I've never been good at softball, basketball, golf, things like that, but I'm really strong and I have really good endurance so I can go forever - I'm a tough girl. END
BEGIN NOW Confidence is king in golf. END
BEGIN NOW I've really got no complaints about the way I played, just extremely frustrating with the putter and I'm sure there's a lot of other players saying the same thing except the guy who's going to win the golf tournament. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is the hardest game in the world. There is no way you can ever get it. Just when you think you do, the game jumps up and puts you in your place. END
BEGIN NOW How much golf I actually play depends on whom you ask. My wife says I'm out there every day. If you ask me, the cricket is getting in the way of the golf. END
BEGIN NOW Obama's the one who never worked a day in his life. He never earned a penny that wasn't public money. How many fund-raisers does he attend every week? How often does he play basketball and golf? I wish I had that kind of time. END
BEGIN NOW Time management is probably the biggest thing I've had to learn to deal with being on the PGA Tour, whether it be media or figuring out how many weeks to play in a row. That's been the biggest adjustment, coming from amateur and college golf. END
BEGIN NOW I was a hotshot as a junior. When I was 18, I really got into fiddling around. I completely lost interest in golf, and I guess all I could think about was going to college, getting married and having babies. END
BEGIN NOW When Lee and Jack win, it is good for golf. When I win, it is better. END
BEGIN NOW One travels like a golf ball, hopping from green to green. END
BEGIN NOW As a kid in Fayetteville, N.C., I played golf all day, every day, a lot of it by myself. I spent hundreds of hours around the greens at Cape Fear Valley, the course my dad owned, hitting every shot I could think of - the one-hop-and-release, the chip that lands dead, the explosion from a bad lie. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is a game in which you yell 'Fore!', shoot six, and write down five. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is a game to me. Other players work extremely hard all year long. I work hard before Augusta. I know I get good results when I practice, but it also wears me out. It literally wore me out even when I was in my 20s. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is a game of endless failure and frustration. END
BEGIN NOW Folks have a common misconception that Mississippi is strictly a rural, outdoors state. While we are famous for our hunting, sport fishing and year-round golf, we also have leading manufacturers like Peavey Electronics and Viking Range Corp. END
BEGIN NOW Golf in India is considered an elite sport. It is not possible for everyone to play in private courses. We need to give opportunities to all who want to play the sport. And for that, we need public golf courses. END
BEGIN NOW In the '70s, Florida-style golf communities started to be built for America's baby-boomers who were doing well and taking up the game but couldn't get into exclusive golf and tennis clubs and were looking for a nice place to live and raise their families. END
BEGIN NOW I lead a very active lifestyle. When I am not working, I enjoy snowboarding in winter. I golf and swim in the summer months. However, trying to find the time to exercise when I am traveling is quite a challenge. I find myself working out at hotel gyms quite regularly - just so that I can keep up with my training. END
BEGIN NOW I guess what was going to come back came back on Monday. Of course now I've played a different golf course. I've played two practice rounds and two tournament rounds all kind of the same and now today I've played a different golf course. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is just for fun. I have no time to be a pro golfer, not even after F1. I think it's too late and I'm too old to learn now. Golf is just a hobby and maybe I can improve a little bit more. END
BEGIN NOW You should welcome getting older in golf. With greater knowledge of your swing, you, too, can keep improving. END
BEGIN NOW I think golf is a waste of time and a waste of a sunny afternoon. I also stink at it. I have never found anything, including divorce and a sexual harassment suit, more frustrating. END
BEGIN NOW In golf, advice is not a big thing. If you don't have the ability, you won't get anywhere no matter how much advice you get. The only thing people can suggest that matters is, be a good person and treat people respectfully. But advice on your game doesn't mean much to me. END
BEGIN NOW The good part is if I play a solid round of golf, it will be very hard for the others to beat me. And that's all I'm thinking about. END
BEGIN NOW My mom started an air-freight company; my grandmother built a golf course. I have a certain degree of entrepreneurial risk-taking in my family history. Maybe that eventually rubbed off on me a little bit. END
BEGIN NOW I would say my first golf memory was asking who Arnold Palmer was when he was always on the Pennzoil commercials. When I was a little kid I watched a lot of sports, but I didn't watch a lot of golf, and this guy was always on a tractor. END
BEGIN NOW Whenever I dream of playing a perfect round of golf, which I rarely do more than a dozen times a day, I picture myself on one of my favorite British Open-style links, and in particular the great courses of the west of Ireland, whose holes flow through naturally bunkered dunesland never far from the sight or sound of surf. END
BEGIN NOW It's nice to win. I'll never win again. I may have to take up golf - take on Tiger. END
BEGIN NOW I hated golf when we first started, but a big part of the training process was falling in love with this sport, so I went on tour with the UCLA Team. END
BEGIN NOW If I get a week off, I'll go to a hotel that has a golf course. I like to come downstairs and go right onto the course. I'll do that five days in a row. END
BEGIN NOW The way I pack is I look at how long I'll be gone and I pack day for day. If I'm going on a three-day fishing trip, I plot each day. I put most of that in a little bag. If I'm going from there to work on golf courses for a few days, I plot that trip. END
BEGIN NOW If I had one golf course, from a design standpoint, one that I really love, it would probably be Pinehurst. There's a totally tree-lined golf course where trees are not a part of the strategy. END
BEGIN NOW Golf has probably kept more people sane than psychiatrists have. END
BEGIN NOW You can play golf with liberals, be neighbors with them, go out to dinner. I just don't want them in power. END
BEGIN NOW Every woman should recruit a female friend to take up golf so there will be more women available to play. END
BEGIN NOW And I don't really like golf. I know a lot of English footballers play, but I know that if I go with the club to play, sooner or later I will end up trying to smash the ball with my foot. END
BEGIN NOW Who wants a life of ease? And who wants a life in the office that you hate, and who wants to play golf? END
BEGIN NOW The best thing about golf is ultimately what it teaches you about yourself. And the worst thing is how freakin' nervous it can make you feel. END
BEGIN NOW When I'm swinging well, nobody hits the golf ball any better than I do. END
BEGIN NOW I had two older brothers, so I was always competing with them. The guys I grew up with on the golf course, when I was 13, they were 15 or 16, and I was always trying to beat them. END
BEGIN NOW Cyclists, I work with a number of cyclists. They are great athletes; they are great aerobic athletes. If you ask them to hit a baseball or golf ball, they can't do that. END
BEGIN NOW When it comes down to it, I'm thinking about football all the time. When I'm on the golf course, I'm thinking about it. It's never out of your brain. END
BEGIN NOW I hate golf. I do not understand how anyone can enjoy it, much less love it. END
BEGIN NOW In baseball you hit your home run over the right-field fence, the left-field fence, the center-field fence. Nobody cares. In golf everything has got to be right over second base. END
BEGIN NOW All I do is play music and golf - which one do you want me to give up? END
BEGIN NOW One lesson you better learn if you want to be in politics is that you never go out on a golf course and beat the President. END
BEGIN NOW For me, the worst part of playing golf, by far, has always been hitting the ball. END
BEGIN NOW In football, it's the job of the player to play, the coach to coach, the official to officiate. Each guy is charged with upholding his end, nothing more. In golf, the player, coach and official are rolled into one, and they overlap completely. Golf really is the best microcosm of life - or at least the way life should be. END
BEGIN NOW I don't want to play golf. When I hit a ball, I want someone else to go chase it. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is social. It brings a lot of people together. END
BEGIN NOW If you break 100, watch your golf. If you break 80, watch your business. END
BEGIN NOW I don't like to watch golf on television because I can't stand people who whisper. END
BEGIN NOW I think one reason people play golf is it allows them to obsess about something other than the daily crap. It takes your mind off that. END
BEGIN NOW To have the opportunity to complete the slam at the Open at St Andrews, the home of golf, is something I will never ever forget. END
BEGIN NOW Golf may be a hussy, but I love her. END
BEGIN NOW I've spent more time playing golf than anything else the last 18 years. Just wanted to be an 80s-shooter. Got there, too. END
BEGIN NOW I don't think golf has ever been any pressure as far as having to succeed. END
BEGIN NOW Golf may be played on Sunday, not being a game within the view of the law, but being a form of moral effort. END
BEGIN NOW It's cool now to play golf. END
BEGIN NOW When golf used to be a rich man's sport, if you were poor you could not step foot on a course. END
BEGIN NOW I adore the game of golf. I won't ever retire. END
BEGIN NOW Golf, like measles, should be caught young. END
BEGIN NOW I play golf five days a week. I find that if I play seven days a week, I get stale. END
BEGIN NOW I always thought of myself as some sort of athlete until I started playing golf a couple years ago. END
BEGIN NOW And if you're a golfer and you watch a golf film and Matt Damon swing, and it's not great, then you're not going to believe in the golf story, you're not going to believe in the rest of the film. That's the whole movie, so if that swing looks like crap, the movie's crap. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is not a game of good shots. It's a game of bad shots. END
BEGIN NOW My grandpa got me a set of Wilson clubs, Sam Snead models, when I was 12. Many years later, when I'd become well known, I got to know Sam, and we played a lot of golf together. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is a better game played downhill. END
BEGIN NOW Why are we building golf courses? Because we enjoy being outside, bringing man and nature together. END
BEGIN NOW There is no such thing as natural touch. Touch is something you create by hitting millions of golf balls. END
BEGIN NOW If you've driven over to the gay section of Los Angeles, it's like a golf course... Real estate values go 'boom!' END
BEGIN NOW Learn to write the same way you learn to play golf. You do it and keep doing it until you get it right. END
BEGIN NOW So, you know, if, if I wanted to get up and just play golf one day, I would just get up and play golf. If I wanted to go to Vegas, I would just get up and go to Vegas. END
BEGIN NOW Everyone I built a course for thinks they have the best golf course in the world and I'm very pleased and proud of that. END
BEGIN NOW I can't hit a ball more than 200 yards. I have no butt. You need a butt if you're going to hit a golf ball. END
BEGIN NOW A golf course should aspire to generate as much energy as it consumes - golf should be leading the way toward energy net zero. END
BEGIN NOW Every golf course should have its carbon rating on the scorecard, alongside its Course Rating, Slope, par and yardage. END
BEGIN NOW Leisure time is only leisure time when it is earned; otherwise, leisure time devolves into soul-killing lassitude. There's a reason so many new retirees, freed from the treadmill of work, promptly keel over on the golf course: Work fulfills us. It keeps us going. END
BEGIN NOW Every day I play golf, that's my goal. To break 70 the other way. To shoot 70 or better. END
BEGIN NOW You don't go to Palm Springs in the summer unless you're building a golf course. END
BEGIN NOW Golf was my vehicle to competition, and I can't play if I can't compete. END
BEGIN NOW I worked at a hospital for a week. And at a golf course when I was in college at Kansas for about a week. The tips weren't good so I quit. END
BEGIN NOW Going to the golf course every day for work? That's a good job. END
BEGIN NOW You know, why the game of golf is popular? Very easy, it's a great game. END
BEGIN NOW Modesty means admitting the possibility of error, subsuming the self for the good of the whole, remaining open to surprise and the gifts that only failure can bring. There are many ways to practice it. Try taking up golf. Or making your own bagels. Or raising a teenager. END
BEGIN NOW See, as much as I love the game, golf was my vehicle to competition. And I love to compete. END
BEGIN NOW There are no maladies in my golf game. My golf game stinks. END
BEGIN NOW I've played golf with three U.S presidents. END
BEGIN NOW That's what makes the Ryder Cup in golf so much better than the Masters or the U.S. Open. To be a part of something that is not about personal achievement, but about representing everyone and sharing it with the whole country, it's wonderful. END
BEGIN NOW I never taught my girls to play golf; they all played softball. END
BEGIN NOW I've never set up any golf course that would favor anybody. I try to make it exactly the opposite, which is what we did at Valhalla when we modernized it to accommodate the lengths players are hitting it today. END
BEGIN NOW Well, I think that Augusta is not the same golf course that I grew up on. Bobby Jones' philosophy was giving you space off the tee; if you put it in the right side of the fairway, you ended up getting the right angle to the green. END
BEGIN NOW There is no life for girls in team sports past Little League. I got into tennis when I realized this, and because I thought golf would be too slow for me, and I was too scared to swim. END
BEGIN NOW When I'm not working, I like to play golf. END
BEGIN NOW I learned to surf for 'Soul Surfer.' Surfing is like golf: You're always battling, and it keeps knocking you down. There are a lot of wipeouts. But when you stay with it and catch that wave, you really taste it. It's magic. END
BEGIN NOW There have been so many great moments in golf that you even forget some of them. END
BEGIN NOW The greatest thing about golf, there's no end to it unless you're dead. You just go from here to the Senior Tour. END
BEGIN NOW I don't believe in luck. Not in golf, anyway. There are good bounces and bad bounces, sure, but the ball is round and so is the hole. If you find yourself in a position where you hope for luck to pull you through, you're in serious trouble. END
BEGIN NOW I have said many times that most people work all their life to retire to play golf, while I played golf all my life to retire to work. I enjoy working. It has kept me young and on the move, and I have had a good time with it. END
BEGIN NOW I found golf late in life, in 1990. I took some lessons and struggled. Then one day, I hit a drive that was so crisp and clean, with no vibration. There's no feeling like it. I was hooked. END
BEGIN NOW I will fall in love with any golf course that you have to drive the ball straight. You understand what I'm saying? That's my advantage. My advantage wasn't putting. In fact, I wasn't even a great putter or a good putter. END
BEGIN NOW My wife, she still gives me a hard time, and says I hunt too much or I like to play golf too much. And she's probably right, but it sure beats some of the things I used to do. END
BEGIN NOW With the sax, I learned technique well enough so that it feels like part of my body, and I just express myself. That's where I want to get in golf. END
BEGIN NOW I've stated my position, and that is that we do not need a contraption to play the game of golf. I would hope that we'd play under one set of rules, and those rules would include a ban on the long putter hooked to the body in some way, shape or form. END
BEGIN NOW I've wanted to design golf courses ever since I was a kid. I suppose it comes from the way I've played the game. To find the proper way to play any hole, I've always begun by asking myself what the architect has tried to do with it. END
BEGIN NOW Jimmy Fallon and I play regularly at the Bayonne Golf Club in Jersey. He's eighteen holes of fun. Any time we play he has moments of brilliance, but also moments of utter catastrophe. END
BEGIN NOW Being a club pro and all, a guy trying to keep up with golf's modern technology, I hadn't found much time for Internet dating, but then one day I knew I'd met the girl of my dreams when she replied to a comment I'd made on You-and-Me.com. She said, 'I love it when you talk equipment to me.' END
BEGIN NOW The key to any good sports story is identifying the defining moment. In football games or a boxing match, it's usually pretty obvious. But in golf, sometimes it happens on Thursday. Usually it's Sunday, but guys who don't know the game, they can miss it. END
BEGIN NOW You must remind yourself at all times that the golf ball is nothing. It's an object. It's something to be swatted and sometimes lost and not even looked for. END
BEGIN NOW Forcing companies to recruit away from the golf course might lead to the appointment of more women from NGOs and academia and medicine, all of whom are likely to understand such concepts as stewardship and sustainability much better than men picked from the usual hunting grounds. END
BEGIN NOW Golf seems to be an arduous way to go for a walk. I prefer to take the dog's out. END
BEGIN NOW I'm very excited every time I'm at Augusta National. It's such a beautiful and fabulous golf course. END
BEGIN NOW You can't take up golf on a whim and find yourself competing against Tiger Woods in the Masters six months later. END
BEGIN NOW I've taken up golf in the past five or six years, and most of the time there aren't too many people out there that can drive a ball further than I can. END
BEGIN NOW But I do have time to pencil in golf, and we've got four excellent courses. END
BEGIN NOW I do not let a bad score ruin my enjoyment for golf. END
BEGIN NOW I was quite cocky, but having been hailed as this great young golfer, I couldn't even make the high school golf team once I got there. I had a big dose of humble pie then, and ever since, I've always known that there is always someone out there better than you, more talented. Always. END
BEGIN NOW I don't have a life, I really don't. I'm as close to a nun as you can be without the little hat. I'm a golf nun. END
BEGIN NOW The older I get, the more I want to do. It beats death, decay or golf in unfortunate trousers. Peace and quiet depress me. END
BEGIN NOW We all know, the ones who play golf, know what a wonderful game it is and what a great past-time it is. END
BEGIN NOW I run like an electric golf cart. Now I look at eating as a way to feed my body and keep me younger. It's not about starving your body, but treating your body like a Ferrari. You don't put in the crappiest gas you can find. You use supreme. In the long term, you'll run clean. END
BEGIN NOW The beauty of golf, you're in charge out here. END
BEGIN NOW Sitting on the airplane seat today, I was thinking - I have been in different cities every week. Most of the time, it's because of golf tournaments. But occasionally, I also attend various events. All of a sudden, I feel like I am a business woman. Although sometimes I feel tired, I do enjoy this kind of life. END
BEGIN NOW In golf, it's almost impossible to be perfect on each shot; that's the fun and challenge of golf. END
BEGIN NOW With Tiger Woods, you know everyone is watching. But I think interest in women's golf is getting better too. END
BEGIN NOW I only started concentrating on football as a career when I left school at 18. I played golf for the Scottish and British boys' teams. END
BEGIN NOW I play golf - even though I'm awful at it. END
BEGIN NOW But I think the guys are very happy to accommodate the people and that's part of golf in general. END
BEGIN NOW Few learn golf in a lifetime. END
BEGIN NOW I want to be best golfer in the world. But I feel like golf is not everything in my life, but I want to keep doing it, keep working hard, do the best I can on the tour and give back to the tour. END
BEGIN NOW I wouldn't have raced a horse. But you'll then throw back at me that Jesse Owens raced against a horse, and he's one of my heroes, so I'm not going to say it was a silly stunt. I know too much about horses. They're highly unreliable, and they've got brains the size of golf balls. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is like solitaire. When you cheat, you only cheat yourself. END
BEGIN NOW I don't follow golf! I don't keep up with golf or know who is coming or going. I am just here to play the game and be done with it. END
BEGIN NOW No, I don't have any problems leaving disappointments behind. I've had lots of good days at golf and a few disappointments, so you never know what's around the corner. END
BEGIN NOW In tennis, you can make a couple of mistakes and still win. Not in golf. I played three rounds in that Tahoe event, and I was drained. Mentally, not physically. END
BEGIN NOW Even though people involved in racing think that it has a big sporting stage, it is a minority sport compared to some of the other high-profile events: football, Formula One or golf. END
BEGIN NOW I suppose I'm happy when I know I've given a horse a good ride, no matter where it is. I like playing golf in the summer; I'm happy when I hit a good shot, and I enjoy watching Arsenal playing beautiful football, but overall I can't believe you can be happy when you're not winning. I honestly can't accept that. END
BEGIN NOW Too many people asking too many questions in tennis. Golf is better. END
BEGIN NOW I love golf. But do you know how I got good at golf? Because of Charles Barkley. I was playing with Charles, Michael Jordan and Roy Green, and Charles was talking so much trash. On every shot, he was talking trash. So I left the tournament, and I went and practiced for a year and half. END
BEGIN NOW You're the only one in control over your golf ball. It's not like tennis: you're hitting a shot and somebody's hitting it back at you. END
BEGIN NOW One thing that golf teaches you is humility. END
BEGIN NOW A great deal of unnecessarily bad golf is played in this world. END
BEGIN NOW Middle age occurs when you are too young to take up golf and too old to rush up to the net. END
BEGIN NOW I don't play golf for fame. END
BEGIN NOW The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame is not a public democratic organization; it's a private club basically. It's like a private golf club and they decide who they're going to let in the club. END
BEGIN NOW Lots of people still don't think of golf as a sport. END
BEGIN NOW This thing is for the game of golf, yeah, but trust me, the Europeans don't have that mentality. END
BEGIN NOW I really enjoy playing 'Tiger Woods' on the Wii, and you can set the levels to easy, medium, or hard, so I think it's definitely a good way for kids to learn the motion of a golf swing if they want to get into the sport. It makes it more fun for them as well. END
BEGIN NOW They talk about Amen Corner but there's so much more to it than what meets the eye on this golf course. END
BEGIN NOW An American champion, obviously being here in the states, is something that we all look at with the U.S. Open. But golf is played all over the world, and there are so many great golfers from other countries, and we're lucky enough that this is our home base to be able to play out of. END
BEGIN NOW My dad is a big dreamer, so I got that from him. Golf was my main thing when I was a teenager, and that's what I wanted to do. END
BEGIN NOW If golf wasn't enjoyable and there wasn't a lot of humor and enjoyment, even though the game is so frustrating, you would wonder why you put yourself through it. END
BEGIN NOW I spent hours as a kid on the putting green of the local golf course imagining I was sinking a putt to win the Masters. END
BEGIN NOW One of my favorite things to do is play golf at Braemar Country Club. It's quiet and not overly crowded. The people are nice, and there's wildlife all around the course. As far as my game itself, I can go from a 10 handicap to a 30, depending on the day. END
BEGIN NOW Anybody who plays golf will tell you that you play against yourself. END
BEGIN NOW When I was playing football, I always felt in complete control. When I play golf and come under pressure, it's a completely different ball game. END
BEGIN NOW I suck at golf and a variety of other things I go out and do with my friends. END
BEGIN NOW The game of golf doesn't come rushing back to you. Last week I made a couple of fundamental mistakes that I probably wouldn't have made in the heat of the battle back when I was in my heyday, and those things have got to come back. END
BEGIN NOW I tend to do golf charity things because it's much safer and you don't get much chance of a broken arm or leg. END
BEGIN NOW I like to play snooker, golf as well. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is fundamentally about being honest. I see people hit eight shots and tell me they shot five. I never say a word. It is a reminder to me of what is at stake. END
BEGIN NOW Whenever I have any spare time I have a game of golf. END
BEGIN NOW You do what you need to if you're serious about playing great golf. END
BEGIN NOW When I'm not acting, I try to be normal, play golf, play hockey. It's funny because you're in this little bubble when you're working - you don't read books, you don't really keep up with the news, you're just living that life. END
BEGIN NOW I wore that same shirt yesterday playing golf. There goes the Nike account. END
BEGIN NOW In a tradition second in wonderful absurdity only to 60-year-old baseball managers wearing uniforms and spikes in the dugout, golf spectators come dressed ready to play 18. END
BEGIN NOW I'm getting more and more comfortable out on the golf course with the changes I've been making. It's really just a confidence thing in that I love being in contention. END
BEGIN NOW I carry a golf ball to put under my feet when they get tight, and a Thera-Band for general stretching. END
BEGIN NOW I just picked up golf, it was good, give me a chance to play golf. END
BEGIN NOW Almost a quarter of our planet is a single mountain range and we didn't enter it until after Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin went to the moon. So we went to the moon, played golf up there, before we went to the largest feature on our own planet. END
BEGIN NOW I think travel is probably the downside of playing professional golf, but you've got to do it. END
BEGIN NOW It was cool for a couple of weeks, but how much bad golf can you play? END
BEGIN NOW When I hosted the dinner I served fast food hamburgers. It had nothing to do with black, white, purple, yellow, green race. it had nothing to do with Tiger or his family or his golf game. END
BEGIN NOW Writing is like playing golf - you have to keep working at your swing. END
BEGIN NOW If I can raise more money for charities, or get more Canadian kids to play golf, the green jacket will mean even more. END
BEGIN NOW This golf course, you miss a shot a little bit off-line, it's going to bite you. END
BEGIN NOW I used to be a columnist for 'Golf Monthly' and have contributed articles for national newspapers based on the humour that is in abundance in the game, which is more than can be said of tennis. END
BEGIN NOW If there is any larceny in a man, golf will bring it out. END
BEGIN NOW I take golf trips with my brother or with friends. We usually go to Pebble or Bandon Dunes. One year we went to Hawaii. END
BEGIN NOW A lot of my buddies also played golf, but when it came to going to the beach or on the boat and chasing girls, they usually went that way and I went to the golf course. END
BEGIN NOW I draw a younger crowd who can relate to me. Some of the girl fans will message me online, saying, 'You're the reason I watch golf.' END
BEGIN NOW I just kind of hang out, watch movies and play golf. END
BEGIN NOW There are some good teachers out there, but the only one who is a genius at diagnosing my swing is my mom. She took up golf late, when she was 39, but in her younger days, she was an amazing athlete. She never read an instruction book or took lessons, but she has a remarkable eye for motion. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is the only sport that a professional can enjoy playing with his friends. END
BEGIN NOW The real beauty of it - key to my life was playing key chords on a banjo. For somebody else it may be a golf club that mom and dad put in their hands or a baseball or ballet lessons. Real gift to give to me and put it in writing. END
BEGIN NOW The Internet is a game changer. I'm hopeful I can make a contribution by providing a way to learn about the game of golf free of charge. END
BEGIN NOW When I was a little girl in Savannah playing, there were never enough hours in the day or holes on the golf course. I just loved the game so much. END
BEGIN NOW Golf can be tougher than tennis when things go wrong, because you can't explain things by saying that your opponent played better than you. It's a cruel sport in that way. END
BEGIN NOW On that Sunday of the Masters I remember turning on ESPN to find people talking about me. I switched over to the Golf Channel and people were talking about me. It was hard to escape. END
BEGIN NOW I've been playing golf as long as I've been dancing, since I was 13 or 14. I play off six. I like to get out on a golf course as often as I can. END
BEGIN NOW Golf's a great game, and you meet a lot of people along the way. END
BEGIN NOW I was a caddy once and I lost the golfer's clubs. Plus I don't know how to golf, so I was the worst caddy ever. Then I was a mortgage brokers assistant, so that was just carrying around a lot of files - pretty meaningless, mind-numbing work. END
BEGIN NOW In tennis you move a lot. Golf you don't. In tennis, you can have a bad half-hour, but you can't in golf. You can lose the first set in tennis and still win. END
BEGIN NOW I was in the middle of the golf tournament trying to make birdies and I was just having a blast. So that probably qualifies as having a greater appreciation. END
BEGIN NOW Years ago we discovered the exact point, the dead center of middle age. It occurs when you are too young to take up golf and too old to rush up to the net. END
BEGIN NOW You know the way I play golf, it's a good I do these things for charities. END
BEGIN NOW Since I was a small boy, I was always around the game. I don't play golf much myself, but I love watching it. My father has played golf all his life. END
BEGIN NOW I have no interest in owning a football club; I don't play golf; I don't like horseracing and I'd rather become a professional bungee jumper than enter politics. END
BEGIN NOW I experienced American golf courses when I was younger and played a lot of USGA and AJGA tournaments. END
BEGIN NOW This is what I love to do. And if pressure is something that comes with playing good golf, that's something a professional golfer has to handle. END
BEGIN NOW The Masters is one of golf's greatest traditions and Augusta is one of the best courses in the world. They are synonymous. It's an event that every golfer, and golf fan, looks forward to. END
BEGIN NOW I think people like players they can relate to. It seems as if people think they know me. I just think I'm an ordinary Joe who plays golf very, very well. END
BEGIN NOW Summer I was 13, my grandfather and my father taught me how to play golf. I took lessons that summer, and I played every day that summer. I probably would've kept playing, except I realized that girls don't watch golf; they watch tennis. So I let my golf game go dormant and started playing tennis. END
BEGIN NOW I mean, I can actually say goodbye to the game of golf, never hit another golf shot the rest of my life and I'd be happy because I can get back in life without any rotation. END
BEGIN NOW My doctor asked me how many golf balls I had hit in my career. I'm lying there in bed calculating somewhere between four and five million golf balls I had hit to do that on my body. END
BEGIN NOW That's why we have practice rounds. We make the adjustments as we go around, try and find out how to play the golf course the best we can. No big deal, it's nothing to me, it's the same for me as it is to everybody and we're all trying to understand it. END
BEGIN NOW In my life, I'd like to play more golf and, and get a decent handicap. END
BEGIN NOW All you can do is really the prep work and make sure you're ready to hit each golf shot. Outside of that, you're not sure really what's going to happen. It's a funny game, but I think that's why I love it. You never know, one day to the next; you could go shoot 62, and the next day you're going to shoot 78, and you can't predict it. END
BEGIN NOW My grandpa was the one; he started taking up golf when I was about two and introduced me to the game as far as just taking me to the driving range where I grew up playing. That was really all he had to do was let me hit a golf ball and kind of fell in love with it from there. He didn't really have to teach me a whole lot or anything. END
BEGIN NOW My grandpa would take me to the driving range and, I don't know, it didn't take me long to realize I'm a little different with golf. I have an eye for seeing things differently. Somehow I just see shots in my head. END
BEGIN NOW My ultimate goal is to be the best player in the world. If I'm the best player in the world, I'll be the face of American golf. It will come with the territory. That's where I want to be. If I want to be there, I have a lot of guys I have to beat out, in the U.S. and the world. END
BEGIN NOW Actually, I love golf clothes! I think this is the most interesting part of golf! END
BEGIN NOW We raised almost 2 million dollars at the last golf tournament that can be used for minority scholarships and Junior Golf programs. The payoff for the work we do is so much more valuable than the work we actually do for it. END
BEGIN NOW I always say golf's a really good exposer of a player's personality. END
BEGIN NOW I certainly don't think adrenalin coursing through your veins, is going to help with the fine motor skills of golf. END
BEGIN NOW Basketball was my whole life until I was 20 years old. All I knew was basketball. Then came golf, and I thought that's all I wanted to do then. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is flexibility, and I notice more guys injured. You can overdo this conditioning. END
BEGIN NOW I played a lot of other sports at school and just one day the golf bug bit me and I started playing serious golf from when I was ten years old. END
BEGIN NOW I'll watch golf while I work out. I'm your average golf fan. END
BEGIN NOW I like to try to give something back to the community because I feel fortunate for how I was raised and how my life turned out. Each year, with the help of my brother, Grant, we run a charity golf tournament to raise money for the Ontario Federation for Cerebral Palsy. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is a game, and games are meant to be enjoyed. END
BEGIN NOW They call it golf because all the other four letter words were taken. END
BEGIN NOW In golf, you have to stay patient and calm. On the race track you can let loose, but in golf you can't and you must be calm. END
BEGIN NOW What makes a great golf course is continuity and variety: right-to-left holes, left-to-right holes. END
BEGIN NOW If you're thinking clearly and are content about where your life is - to where you can just think about the present, think about the now - that's what you need to do to hit good golf shots. I know there are a lot of distractions, but when you're thinking clearly, you're more free. You've got to have that freedom on the golf course. END
BEGIN NOW I don't go out and get arrested anymore. The most extravagant thing I do these days is play golf. I'm like an old man. END
BEGIN NOW You just don't have the time to worry about what others are doing. You just want to take care of your own business. You are focused on that tee shot on the 10th tee and making it to the finish line. It's one of the most stressful moments in professional golf, but you have worked so hard to get to that point, that it really is fun. END
BEGIN NOW My goal has always been to play golf, and play it well. In the end, that's what I am, a golfer. If my back lets me, I'm going to play my favorite places. If I hurt myself, that'll probably be it for a while. END
BEGIN NOW I don't feel badly about that. There's a lot of energy on the golf course. The guys are playing great. I like the pairings in the afternoon. I'm going to take what we've got. END
BEGIN NOW I don't like going to the mall. I'm not really like the other girls. I just like to go out on the golf course and play. Golf is fun and feels really good. END
BEGIN NOW I play golf, but sometimes it's so un-relaxing, I have to play tennis to wind down. Now that I think about it, this process is sort of like when I go out for sushi and have to get a slice of pizza afterward. END
BEGIN NOW There's always motivation coming into Majors. If you can't get up and get excited to win one of these, then you probably shouldn't be playing golf. END
BEGIN NOW I am always working out, whether I am on vacation or at home. When in La Jolla, I like to surf, play tennis, and golf - but surfing is definitely my favorite. END
BEGIN NOW A lot of people still disregard something like yoga. I would have as a young player. I would have been too busy playing golf or something. END
BEGIN NOW You go to work, tape five shows in one day and then go home and play golf for the rest of the week and then start the week all over. I thought if something like that came along, I'd love to do that. END
BEGIN NOW If you call on God to improve the results of a shot while it is still in motion, you are using 'an outside agency' and subject to appropriate penalties under the rules of golf. END
BEGIN NOW I think Tahoe is one of the hidden gems in the country, and I've played a lot of golf around the country. You can't beat the smells and the clean air and just the way it makes you feel. END
BEGIN NOW Golf gives and takes. So yeah, sometimes you make those putts, sometimes you just miss them. But that's golf. END
BEGIN NOW In golf, 'close' is like the north and south rim of the Grand Canyon. END
BEGIN NOW Nothing dissects a man in public quite like golf. END
BEGIN NOW I started when I was three, and on some courses they wouldn't let me play because they said I was too little. They wouldn't accept that a child could play. So my parents had to argue at times with some people at golf courses so I could. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is the most useless outdoor game ever devised to waste the time and try the spirit of man. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is an awkward set of bodily contortions designed to produce a graceful result. END
BEGIN NOW Retire to what? I already play golf and fish for a living. END
BEGIN NOW Playing golf is like learning a foreign language. END
BEGIN NOW You know, when you're trying to get better at golf, you're always measuring your game up against other people to see what you've got to do to get better and to see if you can compete with them. END
BEGIN NOW There are no accomplished golf tour operators in Indonesia, so a golf holiday there is a do-it-yourself operation. But don't let that deter you. END
BEGIN NOW In all likelihood, the only thing extraordinary about Tiger Woods was his golf: he had extraordinary coordination and extraordinary discipline - on the course, at any rate. That discipline was the source of his power. END
BEGIN NOW Both of us played basketball, and I played tennis and my knees are done. Now if you ask us head-to-head who wins at golf, I'm asking for a couple of strokes. END
BEGIN NOW It's great to have a lot of support; people recognizing what you're doing out there and identifying with you in whatever way they see fit is a great fit, I think, and for me it's neat, for people to want to come to the golf course and watch me play golf. END
BEGIN NOW I was very lucky because hanging out at a golf course was much better than being on the streets. Golf taught me a great deal. I grew up surrounded by people who were professionals - lawyers, doctors, engineers. Around them, I learned how to behave, speak, eat, dress. I had nothing at home. The club was my home. END
BEGIN NOW Everyone gets surprised because neither one of my parents play golf. Like I said in my speech, my aunt and uncle really love golf, and we visited them, and she gave me two clubs. Like people think when they don't know who my dad is, they think he's my coach. END
BEGIN NOW Um, yeah 15-year-olds don't lead at an LPGA event all the time. But like I said, I'm very surprised. I've been playing really good golf and I'm confident with my game. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is about knowledge, and studying another player - more than listening to a teacher - is the best way to get it. END
BEGIN NOW I tell people retirement isn't what you think. You are going to sit around and waste your life, you can only golf so much. To stay young, you have to stay in the mix. END
BEGIN NOW I was a pitcher, and my dad played in college. The hardest day of my life was telling him I was going to quit to focus more on golf. But with golf, I felt like the game can't be perfected, and that motivated me. END
BEGIN NOW My one complaint with my father as a parent is that, not only was he not a golfer, but also he was sort of opposed to golf. I was a country club kid growing up. I should have played golf, but my father thought golf was a sport for old men. END
BEGIN NOW My wife is my favorite person I've ever met in my 40 years on the planet, and I'm sure she would agree that patience is not her strongest characteristic. I don't know that golf would be the game for her. END
BEGIN NOW I challenge myself everywhere, onstage, on the golf course. Hey, isn't that the point of it all? To keep getting better? Otherwise why do it? END
BEGIN NOW We shot 'Dharma & Greg' six blocks from my house for five years. I had a Dodge Durango that I sold after five years, and it only had like 12,000 miles on it. My whole life was within eight square blocks of my house. There was a golf course across the street. In my downtime, I was on the driving range. END
BEGIN NOW In my own life, I find myself doing some task - driving or playing golf - and having a conversation with my mother or father, who are both deceased. I don't know if that means I'm mentally ill, but I suspect lots of people do it. And when I hold that conversation, different images of my parents appear to me. END
BEGIN NOW Dad was certainly a free spirit and had his own ways. He was very proud of my golf achievements but more proud of the person I've turned into. He brought me up to lead a very balanced life. END
BEGIN NOW I think I've heard somebody say that I was a well-dressed golfer. I guess that has something to do with the fact that a lot of people who play golf don't dress very well. END
BEGIN NOW I'll tell you what, I've been in some seriously bad places playing golf and it's just part of the game. END
BEGIN NOW You have a lot of time on these tours. As Alice Cooper said, you can either drink all day or golf. END
BEGIN NOW I've been around golf my whole life. My father did it all the time, and I resented him for it. But a couple years ago I picked up a golf club and I understood the physics of it. If anyone knows anything about golf, it's that once you hit a few shots, you'll become addicted. END
BEGIN NOW I don't think much about my physical body going off into the long, green fairways of Heaven to play golf. END
BEGIN NOW I love design in general, the creativity. Whether it is golf courses, my apparel line, ads we do or our business with AriZona, design is fun. END
BEGIN NOW I never played much golf as a kid. I caddied quite a bit but never got serious into golf until about age 15. END
BEGIN NOW I'm a golfer, and what are the two sports you can do till you drop? Golf and surfing. They're great for you limber-wise, they're great for you health-wise, and they put you in sweet locations. END
BEGIN NOW Instead of playing with army men or whatever, I played golf, like for hours every day. END
BEGIN NOW You know golf is very lonely. When I'm in the States, I feel like if I just think about Taiwan, my friends, my fans, I won't feel like I'm alone. END
BEGIN NOW There is so much I want to do in women's golf, and I'm living my dream. END
BEGIN NOW It's such a psychological and mental game, golf, that the smallest wrong thing at the wrong time can distract you from what you're trying to achieve. END
BEGIN NOW I can't just wake up and watch TV and do nothing. I need a day off working out, seeing the wife, play a little golf, see my kids. END
BEGIN NOW I've always - I grew up on the old-style traditional type of golf course, tree lined and all small greens, big undulations. And Oakmont just fit my eye. END
BEGIN NOW I was a very bad accountant; I didn't care about money, golf or discovering fraud. After about a year I was sacked; then I went into teacher training. END
BEGIN NOW There is nothing in this game of golf that can't be improved upon if you practice. END
BEGIN NOW I was shooting in the low 70s and 60s by the time I was 12. That's the great thing about golf. It doesn't matter how old or young you are. If you're 90 and can shoot a good score, people will want to play with you. END
BEGIN NOW People have kind of latched on with my personality and how I play golf and how I carry myself. It seems like every town we go to, I'm experiencing newer things with these types of fans. END
BEGIN NOW Being away for the weekends, and me being the international player that I have been for those 30 years, I've spent a lot more time flying around the world, playing different golf tournaments around the world. END
BEGIN NOW My philosophy is to enjoy yourself. Do the things you want to do, like play golf! END
BEGIN NOW I'm used to the golf course playing soft, so tomorrow I'm going to have to pay attention a little bit more. END
BEGIN NOW I have come to understand and appreciate writers much more recently since I started working on a book last fall. Before that, I thought golf writers got up every morning, played a round of golf, had lunch, showed up for our last three holes and then went to dinner. END
BEGIN NOW I've been writing a lot, I've a few projects I'm trying to finance, I do some acting, I do some directing... Apart from that, if I could get lower that a ten handicap on my golf game I'd be thrilled. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is supposed to be fun, but I don't think anything is fun if you're not doing it reasonably well. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is like 99.9 percent of my life, and then there's school. I don't get much time to go out with my friends. END
BEGIN NOW Golf at its measured pace permits an electric excess of mental activity. END
BEGIN NOW Somehow, it is hard to dislike a man once you have played a round of golf with him. END
BEGIN NOW I'd like to design something like a city or a museum. I want to do something hands on rather than just play golf which is the sport of the religious right. END
BEGIN NOW Golf's ultimate moral instruction directs us to find within ourselves a pivotal center of enjoyment: relax into a rhythm that fits the hills and swales, and play the shot at hand - not the last one, or the next one, but the one at your feet, in the poison ivy, where you put it. END
BEGIN NOW Imagine writing a poem with a sweating, worried-looking boy handing you a different pencil at the end of every word. My golf, you may say, is no poem; nevertheless, I keep wanting it to be one. END
BEGIN NOW My golf is so delicate, so tenuously wired together with silent inward prayers, exhortations and unstable visualizations, that the sheer pressure of an additional pair of eyes crumbles the whole rickety structure into rubble. END
BEGIN NOW Self-love is a big part of golf. END
BEGIN NOW I do plan to return to golf one day, I just don't know when that day will be. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is evolving, every day, every shot. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is me. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is something I do selfishly for myself. END
BEGIN NOW Foreign players is what makes golf so popular now. END
BEGIN NOW I trained more than anybody ever in a golf film ever made - my swing is pretty hot. END
BEGIN NOW I started playing golf when I was a kid, because across the street from where we lived there was a little nine-hole golf course where my father worked. END
BEGIN NOW I'm not interested in a film about golf but I am interested in golf as a metaphor. END
BEGIN NOW I'm no longer dependent on the movie business to make a living. So if I want to make movies as other old guys would play golf, I can. END
BEGIN NOW I like trying to win. That's what golf is all about. END
BEGIN NOW I am decidedly unfriendly during a golf game, from the first hole to the last. END
BEGIN NOW I don't play golf. I have more fun singing and dancing. END
BEGIN NOW Stan said he used to keep Hardy late, make him miss his golf game, and really get him mad. END
BEGIN NOW I don't golf. I've never golfed. I will never golf. END
BEGIN NOW I'd love to do a golf movie. I turned down Don Johnson's role in 'Tin Cup.' I regret that. END
BEGIN NOW I never got on the course with my dad, but to be playing golf with my kids - that's a dream. END
BEGIN NOW Atrazine - a herbicide often used on corn fields, golf courses and even lawns - has become one of the most common contaminants in American drinking water. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is all about patience - one tournament is four days long, 18 holes a day. END
BEGIN NOW Professional golf is the only sport where, if you win 20% of the time, you're the best. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is the only game I know where you call a foul on yourself. END
BEGIN NOW I never play golf because it takes too long, and the business connections it produces can be made just as easily over an early breakfast. END
BEGIN NOW You can't completely control the sport - Tiger Woods comes close. The test is against yourself and nature's own way. I find golf a particularly good metaphor for this story. END
BEGIN NOW I'm just more into playing golf. It's a great thing. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is hugely important, as it keeps me going. END
BEGIN NOW If I go out one night, I must stay in the next. It's the same with my golf. If I play one day, I don't play the next. I try to pace myself. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is 90% mental. Once you know how to hold the club, swing it, it's all in the mind. END
BEGIN NOW Golf was never a religion to me. END
BEGIN NOW High school golf, college golf and the decade that followed all come back to me now as one big raucous, goofy gangsome. END
BEGIN NOW I don't cover golf tournaments anymore - I preside over them. END
BEGIN NOW I haven't looked for a golf ball since mulligans were free, which was a law I passed in 1995. END
BEGIN NOW Locker rooms and grill rooms are still the best places to find out things you don't know - at the Masters or any other golf tournament. END
BEGIN NOW Of course, Dwight D. Eisenhower gets credit for doing more for golf than any other White House resident, a mid- to high-handicapper though he was. END
BEGIN NOW Real golf is the 20 million people who play once a week or once a month. END
BEGIN NOW Golf made me feel like a loser. So I dismissed it. END
BEGIN NOW Two things I take very seriously in life. My golf game and my relationship with God. Neither one is simple. END
BEGIN NOW Mostly I built golf courses the way I played golf, which was left-to-right. But I learned very rapidly that people wanted to see more than just the way I played golf and that I had to balance up what I was doing, right-to-left, left-to-right, etc. END
BEGIN NOW Green synthetic practice mats are the worst thing for your golf game that I know of. You can hit six inches behind the ball and not even know it, because the ball still gets airborne. Practice nets are awful, too. Swing a weighted club instead. END
BEGIN NOW My first calendar was a combination of photos taken from different shoots including golf and casual. END
BEGIN NOW How do I relax? Meditate, I guess. I quit golf. You twist your back and get all cranked up. END
BEGIN NOW I get in my golf cart with my dogs, I have five dogs. END
BEGIN NOW I hadn't thought that women were particularly dangerous golfers. Could that be the reason that the Augusta National Golf club refuses to take down its 'No Women Allowed' sign? END
BEGIN NOW I'm bad at golf. END
BEGIN NOW I can't even pretend to play golf. END
BEGIN NOW If you see a player out in public having dinner, chances are he's with his boring money manager or some boring rich guy he hopes to design a golf course for. END
BEGIN NOW If you want to put golf back on the front pages again, and you don't have a Bobby Jones or a Francis Ouimet handy, here's what you do: You send an aging Jack Nicklaus out in the last round of the Masters and let him kill more foreigners than a general named Eisenhower. END
BEGIN NOW If you're a friend or a relative of George Herbert Walker Bush, Prez 41, or George W. Bush, Prez 43, or any other Bushes, then you know an 18-hole round of golf shouldn't take more than three hours out of your day - there are other important things to do. END
BEGIN NOW My favorite sport, frankly, is college football. I'm a college football junkie, even though I'm associated with golf and like golf and have played it all my life. END
BEGIN NOW Prescott Bush was himself a president of the U. S. Golf Association at one time - 1935 - before he became a U.S. senator from the state of Connecticut. END
BEGIN NOW The reason I wrote about women's golf is because I've helped out some with the Kathy Whitworth Cup, a tournament they have in Fort Worth every year where they invite 60 of the best junior golfers in the country and even some foreign players. END
BEGIN NOW The recreational golfer who gives it careful thought will conclude that the favorite golf hole in his life played downhill, gradually or severely, and normally was downwind as well. END
BEGIN NOW You count a man's U.S. Amateur titles after he starts winning professional majors. That's something any intelligent golf writer with a sense of history is supposed to know. END
BEGIN NOW When I was a kid, everybody that played golf was an old man. Until Tiger showed up, they weren't in very good shape. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is not easy. END
BEGIN NOW I know the joy of skating on a clear cold day. I know the joy of getting off a perfect drive in golf. I know the delight of a fine meal after a long walk. These are real and wholesome, but all of them put together can not approach the thrill of ridding yourself of fear! END
BEGIN NOW I always wanted to be a golfer, only I realised that if I'd played golf I would have been skint. END
BEGIN NOW We're going to live longer than our parents' generation, and there comes a point when you ask yourself, 'What am I going do?' You can only play so much golf. END
BEGIN NOW I move around and play different golf courses. I just enjoy it. END
BEGIN NOW My hobbies and leisure activities include cars and golf. END
BEGIN NOW I hate golf to be tricked up. To me it's a fun game. END
BEGIN NOW I learn my lines while on the golf course. I try to do two or three things at once. I have ideas for books all the time, I have ideas for paintings all the time, and I write them all down. I take my sketchpad and my iPad, which I design on, and I do sit down and do specific tasks at specific times. END
BEGIN NOW Now I do bowling, golf, and tennis. I want to be a good bowler. END
BEGIN NOW Cape Town's beaches are superb and while the water on the Atlantic side is damn cold, it's very pleasant on the other side. Bring your golf clubs if you play - Cape Town has some fabulous golf courses. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is the only sport where watching the game is arguably as grueling physically as playing it. END
BEGIN NOW I have been an avid reader of 'Golf Digest' ever since I started playing this great game. END
BEGIN NOW I really enjoy what little time I have at home. The golf course and practice facilities are perfect and so close to home! END
BEGIN NOW When I first started playing golf, I was heavily into softball and basketball. END
BEGIN NOW One of my great loves is golf. When I am in L.A., I like to play with a few close friends: no phones, no distractions, the great outdoors and the chance to bet some money to keep it interesting. END
BEGIN NOW My parents lived by Rancho Park. And my mom, later in life, got into playing golf. She and her male cronies would get up at five in the morning and sneak onto the back nine. I kind of just started getting into it. For a long time, I was really puzzled by why people liked it. END
BEGIN NOW Proposals to forbid golf courses have about the same motivations as proposals to forbid skate boarding, although the rationalizations are different. END
BEGIN NOW My manager always preaches golf comes first. END
BEGIN NOW The difference between men and women seems to be this: I can argue with my promoter downstairs, accuse him of ripping me off, and 20 minutes later we'll be playing golf together. With a lady, the same argument can go on for, like, years. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is played with the arms. END
BEGIN NOW The majority of people who buy homes in golf course communities don't play golf. Golf is way down at the bottom in terms of total numbers and growth. END
BEGIN NOW The world is full of people who would like nothing better than to spend six hours on a golf course. I would rather be chopping shallots. END
BEGIN NOW Country music is important to me, and I love it, but it's not my whole life... I like to be outdoors, I like to hunt, I like to fish, I like to play golf. END
BEGIN NOW I'm not a hockey fan. I'm not a golf fan. END
BEGIN NOW My parents both played golf and introduced me to golf when I was 5 years old. They took me to the driving range and I played around at the range and immediately developed an interest in it. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is my boyfriend right now. END
BEGIN NOW How do you combat a man with a firearm? You don't combat him with a golf club, baseball bat or a knife. You combat him with another firearm. END
BEGIN NOW Age, they say, is only important if you're cheese. or a wine. They also say, if you are stuck behind one on a golf course, that a tree is 90 per cent air. How come, then, that you invariably send your ball crashing into the remaining 10 per cent? END
BEGIN NOW I don't do a lot when I'm in Gascony. I swim and play the odd game of golf, but mainly I sit around. We're set an hour-and-a-half from the Pyrenees and an hour-and-a-half from the Bay of Biscay, so we get plenty of storms. But we're surrounded by vines and sunflowers - it's lovely. END
BEGIN NOW I've never really played golf. With the sax, I learned technique well enough so that it feels like part of my body, and I just express myself. That's where I want to get in golf. END
BEGIN NOW I played golf all over Detroit. END
BEGIN NOW For all the fun, don't forget: I always knew when to put my golf balls down and practice. END
BEGIN NOW Playing from deep grass is a fact of life in professional golf. END
BEGIN NOW There's so much more to life than golf. Family is always first. END
BEGIN NOW It's incredible, ridiculous really, isn't it? You realise you can make more money on the golf tour in one week than some people make in a lifetime. END
BEGIN NOW Golf courses are beautiful, it's good for the soul and it gets out the anger... well, if you don't care about the score then you won't have a heart attack. END
BEGIN NOW I've always said, the harder the golf course, the better I play. END
BEGIN NOW Practice, work out, proper nutrition, lots of work on my short game. In golf, that's really where the strokes come off the scorecard. END
BEGIN NOW It's really football, tennis, and golf that I watch other than hockey. END
BEGIN NOW I see a lot of actors for whom life becomes one big schedule. I guess I try to be more sensitive to my private life - to take a breath of fresh air and be in the countryside or on a golf course. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is difficult to get your personality over because you are such a bottle of concentration. END
BEGIN NOW It strikes me that golf's great virtue is that it gets you out of the house, away from everyday bothers, away from the endless round of looking for this, that and the other. END
BEGIN NOW Personally, I belong to the speedy school of golf. If it were left up to me, I would introduce a new rule that said every golf ball has to stay in motion from the moment it leaves the tee to the moment it plops into the hole, thus obliging each player to run along after his ball and give it another whack before it stops rolling. END
BEGIN NOW I want to keep playing good golf. END
BEGIN NOW I've been into golf, trying to get into the gym to stay somewhat fit. I've got two boys now, they're active kids. END
BEGIN NOW New Zealand has a great reputation in America for golf. END
BEGIN NOW The best quick tip in golf is to focus on your rhythm and balance. END
BEGIN NOW Yes, I applied a lot of what I did in football to golf. END
BEGIN NOW I have great respect for Jaypee Greens as a company that has produced a truly world class, 24-carat, championship golf course. I am happy to be associated with a company with such outstanding qualities. END
BEGIN NOW I've played with some very famous bandits in my time on the celebrity golf circuit. END
BEGIN NOW Videogames based on golf have often been viewed as, to mangle a phrase, a good walk through a virtual world spoiled. Connecting with your virtual golfers has often been as hard for gamers as understanding the sport itself. END
BEGIN NOW I love swimming, tennis, and I am taking up golf. I am not serious about it, I just go to the range and practice. Other than that, I enjoy going to the movies and hanging out with my friends. END
BEGIN NOW I tell people that stand-up's like golf: you gotta do it every day to get it down - or at least three times a week to get it down. END
BEGIN NOW I do not play golf regularly, but I feel that hitting the moving ball in cricket is tougher than hitting a stationary ball as in golf, which requires more concentration and steady hands. END
BEGIN NOW Golf isn't first on my list anymore. There are a lot of things ahead of golf and I have to go ahead and do those things so I can play golf. I'm tired of hurting. Tired of fighting pain. END
BEGIN NOW I play golf with my shirttail out. I own a golf course because it's very, very close to my house, and I don't want to drive 45 minutes to the north side of Oklahoma City to play golf every day. I have race horses 'cause I love horses and it's my hobby. END
BEGIN NOW I'm gonna be the best dad that ever lived. I'll have a ranch with a race car track and a golf course. END
BEGIN NOW I play bad golf for good charities like the LA Police. END
BEGIN NOW I think if you're a painter, you paint; if you're a golfer, you golf; if you're a fisherman, you fish; if you're a musician, you play music. END
BEGIN NOW Women's golf definitely hit a bump in the road. We lost some tournaments due to a combination of things led by the downturn in the economy. END
BEGIN NOW At one point, I had 14 pairs of golf shoes. END
BEGIN NOW I play a lot of charity golf mainly. I'm a bandit 18 if I play two or three times a week. END
BEGIN NOW I know when I've been playing a lot of golf it takes me a while to get back into cricket again. It's not so much the different shape of the swings, more the fact that you are stationary when you hit a golf ball. In cricket you have to move forward or back, which is an instinctive timing thing. END
BEGIN NOW On the average, I don't spend more than 15 minutes in the car - to go to the golf course or the gym. And that's the only time I listen to the radio. END
BEGIN NOW I know the other side. I know what awful golf is. END
BEGIN NOW I've seen the bottom and I know the difference between good golf and bad golf. END
BEGIN NOW Brushing up on your short game at the practice area is fine and good, but taking it with you to the golf course - when your score is really on the line - is another story. END
BEGIN NOW I bought my first electric car in 1970. Its top speed was 15 mph and it had just a 15 mile range - it was essentially a golf cart with a windshield wiper and a horn. END
BEGIN NOW I would rather play Hamlet with no rehearsal than TV golf. END
BEGIN NOW My main goal is to be the No. 1 American and the No. 1 player in the world. If an American is on top of the leader board every week, it will bring more people into the game of golf. END
BEGIN NOW There are so many lessons in life that can be learned through golf. I am not afraid to say that I am still learning some of them and probably will continue for some time. END
BEGIN NOW We are a global sport. I mean, golf is obviously played all around the world. But when you have your National Championship, of course, everybody in America is rooting for an American. END
BEGIN NOW I don't think the philosophy really changes between men and women. I think golf courses need to become more distance-friendly overall. I think golf courses almost need to develop a more generic set of tees instead of calling them black, blue, red or whatever. END
BEGIN NOW I grew up in New Jersey and my father was a golf pro, so I was groomed for sports, but I wasn't very good, so my interests lay elsewhere. END
BEGIN NOW Wherever we play golf, people come out here to get autographs. They obviously come out to watch us play and see us in action, but they also want to interact with us. END
BEGIN NOW Invariably something happens at a U.S. Open where the golf course gets out of control one day, they have one pin that's out of control. It always seems to happen. But they've gotten better about the height of the rough. END
BEGIN NOW I think I was given a gift to play golf and to be mentally strong. END
BEGIN NOW I'm in semi-retirement, but what am I going to retire to? I don't ride horses, I don't golf anymore. I shoot a game of pool every now and then. END
BEGIN NOW I loved junior golf. END
BEGIN NOW I feel the happiest when I'm at the golf course. And I feel calm when I'm on the golf course. I think I'm just a much better person when I'm on the golf course. END
BEGIN NOW I don't see myself playing or adjusting my schedule for senior tournament golf. END
BEGIN NOW Golf course design is exciting. END
BEGIN NOW Actually, performing is a lot like golf. You are alone, so vulnerable. END
BEGIN NOW As a kid, I really wasn't thinkin' about no golf. END
BEGIN NOW I thought I would just become a pro at a golf course. END
BEGIN NOW It's just golf. As long as I get done without breakin' somethin' or hurtin' somebody, that's my goal. END
BEGIN NOW It's a lot harder to break bones in golf than motocross. But that made me fearless in a way. END
BEGIN NOW Golf is growing, and there are more good young players, but you don't see them going abroad. It's so expensive to travel. END
BEGIN NOW Acting is a great gig. It pays well, I get to meet some nice people, and it allows me to play a lot of golf. I'm a real lucky guy. END
BEGIN NOW Well my dad was a pretty good player at one stage and my two older brothers played golf as well. So there were always golf clubs flying around the house. END
BEGIN NOW My wife and I like to go to church if we're in town. On Sundays, I try to be as chill as I can, whether I'm watching golf or barbecuing. END
BEGIN NOW The great thing about my two lives is I love them both. I'm very ambitious and nothing gets in the way of me practising and concentrating on winning golf tournaments. But then I come home and get back to normality. END
BEGIN NOW Golf has always been a game where you have to control both ends of the club. END
BEGIN NOW I have a random array of ball markers in my bag and don't use any specific one. Many are the plastic kind you find at almost any golf course. END
BEGIN NOW I love getting up to my folks' house and playing golf with Dad. He's very involved with my off-course ventures, and I talk to him every third day. END
BEGIN NOW Sometimes in golf I've got 10,000 people watching me. Cameras are easy. Doing the Jay Leno show was easy. END
BEGIN NOW I have musician friends who play too much golf, and they're not as good at music anymore. END
BEGIN NOW I'm just a seasonal guy. Basketball, football, baseball, boxing, golf. Give it to me all the time. END
BEGIN NOW Trouble is, I don't get to play a lot at the moment because I've just signed a contract where I've got to do 200 shows a year in pubs, so the golf's fallen away a bit. END
BEGIN NOW Not one person from the music world has ever come with - as if I could get a rock'n'roller up at four in the morning to play golf - but that's fine. I have way too much going on to sit around waiting for tee time at two in the afternoon. END
BEGIN NOW In my case what happened next in 1999 was that I fell apart over that back nine. When I saw I was in genuine contention that year I felt like throwing up. That remains probably the most nervous I've ever been on a golf course. END
BEGIN NOW For me, take Tiger Woods. I always thought he was great, but I never truly understood how good he was until I had the chance to go to Tiger Woods Golf Camp. He taught me how to swing and was hitting the ball, and this dude was unreal. END
BEGIN NOW When my father realized he was going blind, he took up golf. END
BEGIN NOW Kids below 10 or 12, I think they just need to learn by playing at golf. Later on, in high school, when they develop muscles and everything, that's when they need to see about getting lessons. END
BEGIN NOW People started coining the phrase, 'Bubba Golf,' whatever you want to call it, which I like. 'Bubba Golf' is going to be fun. I mean, why do what everybody else does? That's boring. END
BEGIN NOW If I can hit the ball the way I want to hit it on the range, I'd rather do that than play golf. I just love the feeling of hitting good golf shots. END
BEGIN NOW All I want to do is do my shows and play golf. END
BEGIN NOW I never mixed with golfers when I was playing, mainly because I didn't want to talk golf all night. END
BEGIN NOW There's something about being at the tournaments that you don't really get on TV, although golf is a great sport to watch on television. END
BEGIN NOW I grew up in Mossel Bay in South Africa on the Garden Route. It's really windy there, and I like it. I enjoy links golf a lot. END
BEGIN NOW I just enjoy playing in wind, grew up in it, and it makes the golf a bit more fun. END
BEGIN NOW I just go out there and play the game; I get on with things. Golf is not everything in life. END
BEGIN NOW I think I'm really good at forgetting about golf when I'm off the golf course. END
BEGIN NOW When I'm off the golf course, I feel the pressure, but I try to concentrate on the golf course. END
BEGIN NOW The real success in golf lies in turning three shots into two. END
BEGIN NOW I don't play golf, and I'm not into horse racing. END
BEGIN NOW In America, we have three major sports - baseball, football and basketball. They get the most coverage. Then there's things like golf which mop up most of what is left. But track and field? We are way at the bottom of the totem pole. END
BEGIN NOW It takes having your golf peak four different times throughout the year. You have to like all four golf courses. You've got to be the best of that week for the four weeks. END
BEGIN NOW I played a lot of baseball growing up, and I always hit better if I kept moving before the pitch instead of standing still in the batter's box. I think a waggle does the same thing in the golf swing. It keeps you relaxed and gets your body ready to hit the ball. END
BEGIN NOW I went and took golf lessons so Dad would let me play with him. I was just terrible... but I was able to have a wonderful time just walking around with Dad. I can see the real pleasure of that game. END
BEGIN NOW I'm a thirty-something ranch wife, mother of four, moderately agoraphobic middle child who grew up on a golf course in the city. END
BEGIN NOW Let the machine take care of the machines, and I'll go spend more time with my family, or golf. END
BEGIN NOW I know bugger all about golf. END
BEGIN NOW I am relying on the theory that playing golf is just like riding a bike and that I haven't forgotten how. END
BEGIN NOW It is a big adjustment but I've always loved that old saying of Jack Nicklaus: 'I retired from golf to go to work.' That sums it up for me. END
BEGIN NOW I've stayed buddies with my old buddy Jackie Slater. I talk to Jackie Slater. I play golf with Marcus Allen a lot. I play golf with Marshall Faulk a lot. My buddy Craig Young, he lives up in New Mexico. I still talk to a lot of the guys. END
BEGIN NOW I'm not interested at all in playing more than 12, 15 tournaments a year on an annual basis because like all the old guys out here on this Tour, we've played golf for nearly 30 years of our lives. END
BEGIN NOW Obviously it's my second senior event, and I'm tired obviously coming back from the British Open, from surgery, which was priority No. 1, did that successfully, and each week since the British Open I've felt in pretty good control of my golf game. END
BEGIN NOW So my game is solid. So that obviously makes me feel confident, that like anybody else in this field, you name them, I feel like I've got the ability to win the golf tournament just as much as they have, and that's the way I'm going to take it. END
BEGIN NOW No matter what kind of day I've had at school, I always look forward to golf. END
BEGIN NOW It's a piece of property that, if you're going to have a development out here, you need to have a golf course because you need to take care of the effluent water being created by the development. END
BEGIN NOW We went around and looked and talked to a lot of foundations with those charities and decided upon the Children's Hospital. They had a golf tournament at the time, but it was a small event that didn't raise a significant amount of money. END
BEGIN NOW I love horse racing, I play golf, and I love travelling. END
BEGIN NOW I enjoy coming to Scotland, and my favourite memory has to be my first Open at Carnoustie. Coming over from a small town and playing in something so big to golf and y'all. END
BEGIN NOW I've played such good golf, and it was hard coming up and it wasn't easy in any matches or any shots. It means a lot. I think hopefully it will mean a lot to New Zealand because I'm the next winner of the U.S. Amateur after Danny Lee. END
BEGIN NOW If I have a day off I will play golf. END
BEGIN NOW I'm not going to lie, I love TV. I watch a ton of it - golf, HGTV, football. END
BEGIN NOW I sort of play golf because a lot of my friends are into it, but I'm awful - my handicap is about six or seven thousand. END
BEGIN NOW I had a peace all day. I knew it was a tough golf course. I probably prayed more the last three holes than I ever did in my life. END
BEGIN NOW It's harder to score well in a slow round. The tendency is to overthink shots while you're waiting and become mentally exhausted. Instead, chat with your playing partners about anything but golf. Concentrate on each shot for no more than a minute. You'll stay fresh. END
BEGIN NOW Mom always got me to school and the driving range while Dad was working. She also kept me quiet and humble. Both of them taught me to let my golf do the talking. END
BEGIN NOW Playing on the PGA Tour and playing professional golf, I think it's what everyone has dreamed of doing - all the guys who are out here. I'm just happy to be able to call this a job, if you want to call it a job. END
BEGIN NOW The way I see it, thinking about the position of the club during the swing is about the worst way to play golf. It makes you tight and defensive, which kills your natural speed and rhythm. Although there's obvious value to minding your technique, at best you'll play an OK round. Where's the fun in that? END
BEGIN NOW When I was a kid, dressing right and looking good was a priority. As I grew up, I just wanted to stay that way, stick out a bit and have my own thing. That's where white belts and wearing some colors started. So signing with Puma was a great fit for me. I usually travel with nine pairs of golf shoes and 10 belts. END
BEGIN NOW The only way to enjoy golf is to be a masochist. Go out and beat yourself to death. END
BEGIN NOW For me, 'choking' is just another term in golf. END
BEGIN NOW There are plenty of guys who played great golf, had great careers and only won a few majors. END
BEGIN NOW I like to play music; play guitar - I love that. Play some golf in the summer. Just relax, enjoy the summer. That's nice. END
BEGIN NOW I can't see anyone coming out, because the players feel it is no one's business. We all stick together. We're a very tight group. It would be too hard for just one person to do, too stressful. And why should it make a difference? The LPGA is about golf. END
BEGIN NOW The competition I played against was fantastic, but golf is a different game now. The courses have shrunk because the equipment has gotten better. They're hitting the ball 10 to 15 percent farther because of the changes in the golf ball. END
BEGIN NOW For example, in my district there are visitors from all over the world who are drawn to our beautiful beaches, recreational lakes, habitat wildlife preserves and golf courses. END
BEGIN NOW I play golf - badly. END
BEGIN NOW I had a temper when I played junior golf and had my clubs taken away for slamming them on the ground. I learned very quickly that I didn't want my clubs taken away from me. END
BEGIN NOW I'm a pretty low-stress guy. I take what the golf course gives me. Some days, when I'm in full control, I'm able to fire at pins with 5-irons. Other days, I'm looking more toward the middle of the green. END
BEGIN NOW I'm helpless in post-round, hole-by-hole interviews. I can't take you through most of the holes of winning the Players Championship, the U.S. Amateur or Ryder Cup matches. It's like golf amnesia. END
BEGIN NOW There are so many aspects of the game that you can work on - you can drive it father, you can drive it straighter, you can hit your irons higher and more consistently, you can get better with your wedges, and you can always putt better. There's never an end to that striving to get better in golf. END
BEGIN NOW For golf, being in the Olympics is a big boost. More so for Indian golf. END
BEGIN NOW With golf becoming part of the Olympics now, it is even more imperative that more of the middle class get access to the sport. END
BEGIN NOW I was from North Carolina, so as a youngster all of my mind games about golf were always, 'If I make this I win The Masters, if I hole this par putt I win The Masters.' So it was a great thrill to play there. END
BEGIN NOW There are a number of golfers who are playing great golf in their 40s. END
BEGIN NOW When I find a golf course or a restaurant or a market that I like, that's pretty much exclusively where I go. END
BEGIN NOW You could argue that if the average golfer plays a golf course with 430-yard par 4s and they always miss the green, that's good practice. It's definitely great practice to play a course that's too long for you. END
BEGIN NOW Golf will grow so long as it's fun. END
BEGIN NOW I used to read every golf magazine front to back; I was addicted to Golf Channel, read Rotella, read every golf book. END
BEGIN NOW There are some guys out here that can really play golf, but it has not been their focus for that long. END
BEGIN NOW Women are everywhere. We're letting them play golf and tennis now. It's out of control. END
BEGIN NOW How can you get tired of playing golf? END
BEGIN NOW When I was 4, my dad let me 'help' him back out of the driveway, but I'm amazing at driving golf carts. END
BEGIN NOW I'm a big sports guy - golf, tennis, baseball, basketball, snowboarding - and I love games. END
BEGIN NOW My parents didn't play golf. END
BEGIN NOW For instance, he says I let him play golf, and he says, he lets me be miserable in my job. Now - that doesn't quite sound right, does it? But nonetheless, I think for the first time in my life, I'm not going to be miserable in my life when I come and work at CNN. END
BEGIN NOW Outside the golf course, I feel the pressure, and I feel what everybody else is feeling. But on the golf course, it's just the golf ball and clubs. And when I have that, it just puts a lot of pressure off of me. It just makes me very calm looking at it, yeah. END
BEGIN NOW Sometimes, all the interviews, those are the toughest thing for me, but once you really start to do it a lot and start to get used to it, I can find some fun in those parts, too. Because playing golf is the easiest thing for me, and that's something I'm so used to; that's why it was always easy. END
BEGIN NOW You cannot make money with a hockey team. You cannot make money with a hotel, either, and you cannot make money with a golf club. I have all three of them. When you have a certain amount of money, you do silly things - because it's pretty to have a golf course and it's interesting to have a hockey team. END
BEGIN NOW 'From Here to Eternity' happens to be fourteen-carat entertainment. The main trouble is that it is too entertaining for a film in which love affairs flounder, one sweet guy is beaten to death, and a man of high principles is mistaken for a saboteur and killed on a golf course. END
BEGIN NOW I've always said it: I don't want to be the only Columbian playing on the PGA Tour, so, guys, just play some good golf and come join me here. END
BEGIN NOW Sometimes when you play a golf course for the first time, you just got to be committed to your targets. END
BEGIN NOW I have played a handful of rounds of golf with Wayne Gretzky. END
BEGIN NOW I could go away five or six weeks in a row and never touch a club. I would just look at them and say, 'I just don't want to; it's not that important.' And it wasn't that important. Golf - I don't want to answer loosely - I pay a lot of attention to it, but I don't ever really think about it. END
BEGIN NOW I have a project at HBO and one at the Family Channel coming that are being looked at. Aside from that I am not doing much more than playing golf and some skiing. END
BEGIN NOW Prior to that I produced a couple of TV movies for CBS, but the truth of the matter is that I burned out for a couple of years. I didn't do anything for a while, apart from taking up golf, for which I got a four handicap. END
BEGIN NOW I'm from Southern California, so I feel much more comfortable with a golf club in my hand than I do a weapon. END
BEGIN NOW I mean, I think having a great family like I do. You know, I tend to want to give it all I have when I'm at the golf course, and then when I leave I don't want to think about golf at all. And I just remind myself almost daily that golf's just my job, it's not who I am. END
BEGIN NOW But we do have a golf course near by and I play fairly regularly. END
BEGIN NOW I've always played my best golf in the summer. END
BEGIN NOW I grew up in a family that played golf, and my brother was much better than me, so I kind of put that aside. I had to be good at something other than golf. END
BEGIN NOW My father was a very good golfer and he got me started early. My grandfather played, too. It was just something that the Kroft family did. I kind of grew up on the golf course. END
BEGIN NOW I watch golf on television, although I don't golf - except for visits to the driving range in spurts. END
BEGIN NOW When I'm not acting, I'm playing golf. I'm pretty passionate about it. END
BEGIN NOW I found that golf saved me from going to the pub every day, so instead, I play golf with other unemployed actors. I'm a member of the Stage Golfing Society, and I play golf with all sorts of people. END
BEGIN NOW I didn't really get into golf until I was about 14. My mom and dad were taking lessons from a pro an hour and a half from our farm in Cohuna, Australia. When they got home, I'd ask my mom to explain everything they learned - drills and all. END
BEGIN NOW I played golf competitively as a teenager. I actually took a year off after high school and just played golf and went to a university in France for maybe a month and dropped out. END
BEGIN NOW Really in all my years on Tour, in the U.S. Open I probably played great golf in two of them, out of maybe 20, so it's a lot of work. END
BEGIN NOW Hit the ball pretty solid. Haven't played a lot of golf this year, so was really unsure of what it would be like. I've been playing pretty well lately, especially hitting the ball solid. END
BEGIN NOW I had very low expectations. Honestly, I think I had 11 rounds of golf the entire year in before this tournament, and I had hit balls maybe four or five times. END
BEGIN NOW I prefer to do cable TV because it allows you the time to do other things. I definitely have an eye on doing more work in features and playing different characters, but I am also a big fan of going on vacation and playing golf and going to the beach. END
BEGIN NOW They call it golf because all the other four-letter words were taken. END
BEGIN NOW You build a golf game like you build a wall, one brick at a time. END
BEGIN NOW I enjoy playing golf, but no, I don't think golf helps driving. It does take my mind away from driving, though; every time I play golf, I don't think about Formula 1. END
BEGIN NOW I'm kind of a perfectionist, and it gets in the way with my putting sometimes. Golf is a messed-up game. When you feel you've figured it out is when you're going to struggle. END
BEGIN NOW I like the beach and would also love to learn golf because I think it is rather elegant for an older lady. END
BEGIN NOW I grew up playing hockey and baseball, so I wish I had time to get back into it, but living in L.A. and North Carolina, you have to take advantage of the golf. END
BEGIN NOW There are twice as many knitters as golfers in North America. Still, if you walk into any airport in North America, you can find a golf magazine but not a knitting magazine, even though you can't golf on a plane. END
BEGIN NOW Your emotions are exposed when you play golf: humility, pride, anger, it all comes out with each swing. You lay it all on the line. END
BEGIN NOW I've never been one to throw clubs, break clubs, or use bad language on the golf course. I've played with golfers who've done that, and I really hate to see it. If I did something like that, my dad would come get the putter and hit me upside the head with it. I knew better. END
BEGIN NOW I'm not the only foreigner who took up golf while living in Jakarta. END
BEGIN NOW When one thinks of golf and Scotland, the first thing that comes to mind is usually St. Andrews, especially the famed Old Course. END
BEGIN NOW I'm a golf nut! END
BEGIN NOW Golf is a weird sport. Some days you got it. Some days you don't. END
BEGIN NOW I don't apologize for my clothes. There are a lot of bad dressers in golf, and I don't think I'm one of them. There are a lot of bad dressers in every business. END
BEGIN NOW It's nice to have other hobbies, other than golf. I've played football, I play tennis. I enjoy doing things other than golf, and poker is one of them. END
BEGIN NOW Obviously, the good thing about golf, it's difficult to really, really blow it after five holes unless it goes really, really, really... really, really, really wrong. But you still have 13 to go, and if you have a good run, where you make five or six birdies, you can get it back somehow. END
BEGIN NOW Whether it's golf or writing, you have friends, and then you have 'friends' friends. Friends who are like family. I can count my close friends on two hands, which is good, I think. That's a lot. Some are at home in Spain, others are elsewhere, and some are in golf. END
BEGIN NOW I will say I love competing, and I was in a great era of playing with young Phil Mickelson and older Greg Norman and Nick Price. I don't know if YA Title could throw the ball these days, but you can play golf for a long, long time. END
BEGIN NOW I watch golf, just looking at the pros, and I'm in awe of how they play. Not one particular player - maybe all the players. END
BEGIN NOW I do spend really focused time with my wife, my kids, grandkids, and so when I'm doing something or on a golf course, work has stopped. I'm not always thinking and working... I think a leader has to really be a balanced, whole and healthy person personally in order to be the best leader on the job. END
BEGIN NOW I just see myself as an athlete and a competitor, someone who just works really hard at trying to get better at golf. END
BEGIN NOW Pretty it's pretty good for me because I'm over here in the winters. It's really improved my golf game. END
BEGIN NOW Before, I was like 'Oh my God, I have to do this media, this media and this media,' but now I've learned these are stages you need to go through. If you play really good golf, you're going to get more media attention and more interest in you, and you'll get more confident handling it. END
BEGIN NOW I've got a golf scholarship for school, so they understand if I'm away. A couple of years ago they called to see why I wasn't at school, and now they're like, 'oh, she's at golf.' Sometimes I'm in class and sometimes the teachers don't realize I'm there. She goes, 'oh, Lydia's absent.' And I'm like 'no, actually, I'm here.' END
BEGIN NOW In Valdosta, Ga., during a mini-tour event, a player named James Black bet me $20 he could put five golf balls in his mouth and then close his mouth all the way. I tried it but could get only two in there. END
BEGIN NOW In fantasy land, I wish I could be a pro golfer. I love golf - the most frustratingly brilliant game on the planet. END
BEGIN NOW A lot of people think jugglers defy gravity or do stuff. Well, I kind of, from my childhood and golf and all that, it's a process of joining with forces. END
BEGIN NOW I moved to Los Angeles, and 'The Office' became successful, and the charity/cocktail party circuit is really not my scene. But I played golf, and I started getting invited to charity golf events, and I just fell in love with the game ten-fold, and at a lot of these events, there were athletes. END
BEGIN NOW Golf in Indonesia has something else to offer: ways to make you forget the last four hours and take away the aches. Nearly every course has a spa - hot tub, cold tub, sauna and massage. END
BEGIN NOW I always knew I wanted to play golf and go to college. I try hard to be a positive role model, especially on the golf course. I try to carry myself well, and don't do anything outrageous. I try to play the game like a gentleman and give everyone respect. That's how the game should be played. END
BEGIN NOW I love being on the water, wakesurfing and wakeboarding. I'm not thinking about golf. I'm just wondering if my cooler's got enough ice to make it through the day. END
BEGIN NOW PGA of America has been very good to me; played some of the Junior Ryder Cups, and those go down as some of the best experiences I've had on a golf course. END
BEGIN NOW You know, I go to work in a great office every day, and the amount of freedom that goes with being a pro golfer on the tour is awesome. So I get to enjoy my weeks off away from the course, and then I get to go to work on some of the best golf courses in the world out here. END
BEGIN NOW Relaxing is important; I would like to do more! Golf is a pretty good attempt, but good television, I find, is a great way to chill out and let it do the thinking for you. As long as the programme has got some substance and is well made, happy as a par round of 72! END
BEGIN NOW My biggest hobby is playing golf, which I really enjoy. Now when I am lying in bed at night, unable to sleep, I find myself thinking about my golf swing. I'm also involved in the Tampa Bay chapter of First Tee. END
BEGIN NOW Hopper's best friend, Dean Stockwell, who starred with him in 'Blue Velvet,' let me watch golf with him while parsing out memories of when he and Hopper went off the deep end in Mexico. END
BEGIN NOW It is no secret that the Golf Foundation has had its difficulties. END
BEGIN NOW I grew up playing golf, and if I were ever good enough to play professionally, I would get to travel the world while playing a sport I love. END
BEGIN NOW I met five presidents. I had dinner with a president of the United States in the White House. I played golf with a president of the United States. I made money. I mean, when I look at it, I had a unbelievably fabulous career. And I'm extremely grateful. END
BEGIN NOW I can't afford to be a member of a golf course. END
